{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Spy games
\f1\b0 \
\
There are dark regions where world piece computers are either not welcome, or the people inhabiting the regions simply aren't interested in entertaining the invention program, or the people are too atypical to effectively connect their attempt at a world piece computer. Some of these regions are distinct geographical regions, though most are distributed, peppered throughout society. Sometimes, individual or community world piece computers are not actually aligned with the peace bias, so they are really something else entirely.\
\
This is ok. As far as the universal piece process is concerned, the inhabitants of these dark zones (as we call them) are 
\f2\i disconnected primitive world piece computers
\f1\i0 .\
\
The main realization of the past 100 years since the advent of the Piece Computer Era was that a world piece computer in its disconnected primitive form is just what people do on their own when left to their own devices. The main differences between a disconnected primitive, and a connected sophisticated world piece computer boils down to language and computation, plus the social and technological tools employed to complement the two.\
\
Language is important. This was obvious at the dawn of PCE, but very few people really understood just how important language is for getting the inner peace we all desire. Probably the first expression of how important language is came from the linguistic concept of 
\f2\i linguistic relativity
\f1\i0 . This concept was explicitly framed before PCE by what is known as the 
\f2\i Sapir-Wharf Hypothesis
\f1\i0 . The hypothesis takes two forms, the weak and the strong. Weak form postulates that the language we use affects the way we think. Strong form goes a step further in an appeal to 
\f2\i neuroplasticity
\f1\i0 , postulating that the language we use actually rewires the synaptic connections in our brains.\
\
Neuroscientific technique has developed enough in the past 100 years that we have a preponderance of evidence suggesting that both the strong and the weak form of the Sapir-Wharf hypothesis closely match reality. (There are, of course, many exceptions to this statement, mainly because not all the brain is associated with language function and cognition.) Ultimately language determines how we behave, so if we think in terms of language 
\f2\i choice
\f1\i0  as we do now, then manipulating Human behavior on the personal level becomes a matter deliberate of engineering and design.\
\
Computation is likewise important. Prior to the PCE, the people most capable of managing the highest number of pieces were naturally gifted at thinking in terms of the world piece computer construct (piecespace, piecebrain, pieceprocess), though they usually had their own exclusive internal and external 
\f2\i lingo
\f1\i0  to do so. These were usually people like CEOs, scientists, mathematicians, artists, undercover law enforcement, international spies, politicians, criminal masterminds, undercover criminals, warlords, etc. Basically, anybody in a leadership position, or in a position where they had to live multiple lives, or keep track of a high volume of facts, were naturally gifted at designing, engineering, and operating there personal versions of a world piece computer. A major difference however, is that they rarely had the computational tools to manage their pieces more deliberately and methodically. Sure they had access to electronic computers, but these were only good at managing certain types of data, certain types of simple pieces, not the countless pieces present in the average complicated Human's life.\
\
Nowadays, world piece computers are sophisticated enough that most people who use one can easily manage as many pieces as even the most gifted operators in the pre-PCE. In many cases, they can manage far more. Interestingly, there appears to be an upper limit to how many pieces a single individual can manage with a personal world piece computer. World piece computers appear to have an equalizing effect, because as it turns out, the technological and social tools are accessibility devices, not force multipliers. With the proper motivations and drivers in place, the original masters of piece management are still limited to about the same volume of pieces that the average world piece computer operator is capable of managing. The playing field it appears, has been leveled.\
\
Individuals can still unite their personal world piece computers to create local community world piece computers that can manage a volume of pieces that is greater than the sum of its parts. This however, is a different conversation. To overcome the 
\f2\i level playingfield
\f1\i0  effect, individuals and communities generally have to engage in a 
\f2\i piece race
\f1\i0  to build their communities faster than any adversaries they are trying to level up on. The trick though, is that the peace bias outlined by the standard universal piece programming favors local connections--the peace bias 
\f2\i favors
\f1\i0  the competitive computer race. 
\f2\i Explosive percolation
\f1\i0  in these situations as far as we can tell is an inevitable phenomenon, so a global merge--an explosive percolation event--of two competing local world piece computers usually eliminates the competitive streak sooner than later. In short, the only real people who have a disadvantage are those who live in dark zones.\
\
When piece computers were first proposed under the auspice of the time machine for peace invention program, most people reflexively thought of the traditional electronic computer, usually personal computers like the laptop, or the desktop, or the smartphone. The reality however was that the first proper world piece computers were more like a productivity system--a collection of objects embedded in the surrounding environment in the operator's physical and mental world. It wasn't until about 20 year after the piece computer proposition that the first dedicated world piece computer terminals began to hit the peace market. Without getting into detailed descriptions of their operation and design, world piece computer terminals and other piece management implements became quite hard to avoid. Usually the people in dark zones are captives, are deliberately rejecting the concept, or are just too atypical that current access technology isn't yet advanced enough.\
\
These days, the world has many more spies. We call them 
\f2\i peace spies
\f1\i0 . Some people jokingly call the propagation of world piece computer technology the 
\f2\i great spy game.
\f1\i0  Peace spies are people who take pleasure in seeking out sources of inner peace erosion implement a new thread in the universal piece process to improve the situation.\
\
Naturally, people dislike meddlers. Peace spying among people who possess world piece computers that are already connected to one another is more like a fun game, one many fondly call just 
\f2\i universal piece
\f1\i0 , or the peace process itself. If somebody is found out for infiltrating another person's world with their piece computer, it is usually a fun and thrilling moment for everybody, and universal piece threads are usually implemented anyway, without the need to complete subterfuge. Sometimes this game goes to far, and that's the risk, but even in those situations the perpetrator is tolerated as one of the universal piece biases. The culture of the universal piece computer is that of understanding, acceptance, and tolerance; we are just trying to help each other.\
\
Dark zones are different. There are much fewer peace spies. Peace spies in dark zones are usually subject to similar rules are regular spies prior to the Piece Computer Era. These are individuals who either have a deep personal reason for assuming a particular peaceful cause, of they simply love the experience of risk and excitement. In the most extreme cases, peace spies found out are punished with torture and death.\
\
Usually the successful implementation of a universal piece thread on a dark zone inhabitant or community is called an 
\f2\i installation
\f1\i0 . Sometimes however, stitching the thread into the inhabitant or community is the most a peace spy can do. The universal piece is not limited to acting on world piece computers, but, world piece computers are necessary to run the universal piece process and its threads, so proximity in some fashion is generally important.\
\
Although the universal piece computer is pervasive at this point, we still have need for global law, and we still on occasion need to simply remove somebody from the equation if they are violating some part of the Core Law, a statutory legal framework that all nation regions subscribe to these days. That too, is a different conversation, though some people suggest that the universal piece computer will inevitably replace the Core Law statutes, while local world piece computers implement their own common law in a polyjuridical legal ecosystem.\
\
Gray zones are an interesting phenomenon. As it turns out, peace spies are generally the 
\f2\i mechanism
\f1\i0  of the explosive percolation events that unify two disconnected community world piece computers. (This is also often true in a trivial sense on the individual world piece computer level.) If two communities grow their local world piece computers in an adversarial computer race, it is not uncommon to see the adversary are being a 
\f2\i questionable 
\f1\i0 world piece computer. That is, is their peace process really an aspect of the universal piece, or are they not a world piece computer at all? If competition is stiff enough, world piece computers typically insert spies in a deliberate manner into the opposing world piece computer.\
\
Eventually, a spy on one side or another is found out. However, because both sides of the computer race are building in the 
\f2\i spirit
\f1\i0  of the world piece computer, this serves as an opportunity to learn about the other's universal piece, and even begin to engage in universal language protocols. (Sometimes even, a spy is found out when a community 
\f2\i doesn't
\f1\i0  know it is in a computer race, and this is usually a good sign.) Where there is one, there is usually many, so eventually enough peace spies are caught that the two world piece computers know all about each other's strengths and weaknesses.\
\
This is where the percolation usually explodes into a fully connected single world piece computer shared between two communities. Leadership on both sides generally understand that their piece computer has a ceiling that limits how many pieces their community can manage. They could keep adding individual world piece computers and only experience marginal gains in this piece limit, or they could 
\f2\i induce an explosion
\f1\i0  to deliberately unify world  piece computers, to secure access to a much higher piece limit ceiling. And there it happens: two world piece computers become one. The two world piece computers merge their universal piece into one, resolving any outstanding gray zone concerns. Any remaining concerns are stored in memory as 
\f2\i points of contention
\f1\i0  to be addressed in a procedural fashion as time goes on.\
\
The interesting catch however, is that the two original community world piece computers are preserved. Worlds may layer, overlap, nest, as many times as they please, with as many intersections as they please. What has become a unified singular community world piece computer, is simultaneously two disparate community world piece computers. (This is often cited as a quantum feature of reality, generally framed in terms of Hugh Everettes' 
\f2\i many worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics
\f1\i0 .) This extends downward, all the way down to the individual level. Family world piece computers may network to form a community world piece computer, but the moment they unify into a single world piece computer, they are still simultaneously individual family world piece computers. Etc. This extends upwards, too, to the ultimate global level that we define as 
\f2\i the universal piece computer
\f1\i0 .\
\
Piece computer sociologists has demonstrated recently that only about 5% of all world piece computers do not have 
\f2\i some
\f1\i0  degree of peace spy infiltration. On the opposite end of the spectrum, around 15% of all world piece computers have active 
\f2\i peace warriors
\f1\i0 . A peace warrior is like a peace spy in that they find pleasure in identifying ways to unify and stitch threads into other world piece computers. Peace warriors just do so in an overt and transparent fashion (though still respecting the universal piece biases). It is estimated that some 67% of peace spies actually serve as peace warriors in different computational zones. It is also not uncommon for one individual world piece computer to spy on numerous zones and computers, while also fighting as a warrior to overtly unify world piece computers.\
\
In all cases, spies and warriors both take pleasure in the same thing--they both wish to satisfy The Human Imperative and unify world piece computers, networking them into the universal piece computer. In fact, there is an entire burgeoning entertainment sub industry that is strictly about chronicling the pursuits of these two kinds of peace advocate. Reality entertainment has certainly taken on a bold new direction since pre-PCE of today.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}