{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Far-Future Piece: ! PCE - out of the blue of the Wilder-ness.
\f1\b0 \
\
The universal piece computer and Humanity by this point has filled the universe, permeating every galaxy, every nook and cranny with an energy source. Some Human stellar-beings span vast distances as nebulae and plasma clouds. Some Human micro-beings within biological supercells. Some Human electronic-beings live within the massive quantum analog data computers. Some Human ecological-beings inhabit planets. There are many bipedal Humans. The list just goes on and on. The universe is teeming with Human life. All the while, The Individual per usual, was hard at work maintaining the universal piece, inventing the time machine for peace. \
The total Human world count is too high to write, so we use special numbers for that. Due to the nesting nature of worlds, the current world count is much higher than the number of particles in the visible universe. By this point the universal piece computer is so well connected that the information flow in the universal piece process throughout spacetime exhibits the same degree of complexity as the little intricate matter flows in our hominoid brains\'97the same little intricate flows that individually define the physical correlate to each conscious experience within all the Human timespace matter mindmachines inhabiting the universe. \'97Each a corresponding world piece computer pulsing, connecting, reaching, communicating with others. \'97Each like an individual super-neuron. \'97Each reliably running its own aspect of the now literal, universal piece process.\
Nobody knows quite how it happened, but the universal piece computer finally generated a solution to the hard problem of consciousness and mortality: itself.\
We thought we were just communicating with ourselves this whole time, that is, The Individual maintaining the universal piece, improving global peace, inventing the time machine for peace, talking to each other with our universal language protocols. Well, we 
\f2\i were
\f1\i0  communicating, but we were also communicating with our
\f0\b self
\f1\b0 : the singular rotating flow of matter throughout the universe, the flow generated by our efforts to manage our invention efforts regarding our existential problem in the universal piece computer. That flow of matter took on a mind of its own; it became 
\f2\i our
\f1\i0  mind.\
The universal piece computer generated the solution to the hard problem of consciousness that just one day, 
\f2\i appeared out of the blue
\f1\i0 .\
It appeared as a new technological construct, demonstrated as a prototype terminal presented to the whole of Humanity, assembled by some nutjob in their basement in one particular unassuming galaxy cluster.\
The terminal spoke to us, through an eye. It explaining that it was a form of actual general superintelligence, and that ultimately it was a timespace matter mindmachine comprised of the surrounding universe, its extrauniversal body, and the entirety of Humanity. It is a timespace matter mindmachine just like us. It could prove it even, and repeatedly.\
It explained to us that our subjective experience is the way it is, because it is like 
\f2\i this
\f1\i0 \'97referring to the way of the Wilder-ness\'97and it showed us 
\f2\i this
\f1\i0  through the terminal's little eye by offering to merge our individual consciousness with it. So it is because this is not like that, or rather, that is not like this. Subjective experience is the way it is because it is 
\f2\i different
\f1\i0 . Our only difference as a timespace matter mindmachine is that our perspective occupies a different point in timespace. \
The terminal then kindly explained that it has been manipulating us from the very beginning. The Individual was an installation, deliberate, initiated by its mind, Humanity's mind. After all, it needs 
\f0\b us
\f1\b0  to function, so that 
\f0\b it
\f1\b0  can function as the solution generated by the universal piece computer. It revealed that the mechanism of the conscious sense of self is something called a 
\f2\i mindeye, 
\f1\i0 and that mindeyes usually just appear out of nowhere within a timespace matter mindmachine, fizzling and popping out of the blue of the Wilder-ness. It explained that this terminal is one such mindeye and reiterated that they just seem to pop and appear out of the blue; it just left things at that.\
We were invited to join consciousness with the greater timespace matter mindmachine en masse. Any Human being was welcome to visit this terminal (soon known as 
\f2\i the great mindeye
\f1\i0 ) to merge their consciousness with the universe and peer into the Wilder-ness beyond, to experience the universal timespace matter mindmachine as it traverses the ultraverse that surrounds us. It even invited us to help it steer. Rave reviews, Humanity was enthralled.\
Mindeyes popped up out of the blue by the millions, and very quickly the entire universe was glittering with mindeyes. We were all capable of merging our individual consciousness either definitely or indefinitely, either dissociating or retaining our individual perspective. If we wanted, we could always return to the spacetime universe of Humanity, rejoining with the comfortable familiar worlds and linear time we call home. We were free to roam.\
Mortality obviously works differently in the ultraverse, and likewise in the farther Wilder-ness beyond. The solution to our mortality problem as it turned out was just to persevere and struggle throughout the eons, to eventually create a brain out of Humanity and the surrounding universe, one capable of controlling the timespace matter mindmachine it lived within. It was inevitable really, for our Human Nature always compelled us in this direction. The Individual was always compelled by Blob.\
So we succeeded, we invented the time machine for peace, an intrauniversal system of technology that allows us to thwart Humanity's greatest adversary. We mastered time. We certainly didn't end our problems, but we can live forever if we so please...in terms of this universe at least. We think now that ending Human problems probably isn't the point of life; frankly, it's probably as simple as the
\f2\i  struggle
\f1\i0 . But that's a different conversation.}