{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Computer Architecture\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
This is a big chapter. Here we discuss the overall shape and quality that characterizes the universal piece computer and world piece computers. If the last section helped make you more receptive to the scope and subtleties that surround your preconceptions of 'computer', then you should have an easier time understanding this section. The architecture described here is extremely different, essentially foreign to what you know about computers in a general or technical sense. It's okay if you don't understand at first, it took me a while to get there too.\
\
This computer architecture must be thought of as all the world piece elements forming a whole, being the universal piece computer. The architecture is fractal, and applies equally to both individual elements and the whole at large. In fact, an accurate technical name for the architecture of the universal piece as a whole may very well be a 
\f2\i computational piece fractal
\f1\i0 .\
\
In the first section we'll start the lesson by talking about the generality of stuff in the context of computers. We will then work to understand why this generality is needed, and what it looks like in practice. We will talk about the critical role of the Human brain. This will involve reflecting on quantum computation, Von Neumann computation, resolving with discussion about memory, pointer variables, and time.\
\
The next section will involve applying the above toward describing the structured relationship between the universal piece computer, world piece computers, and world pieces. This will involve defining the sole hierarchy between components, and describing how world piece computers nest and connect laterally. We will \
\
discover how the universal piece can be singular but in many places at once. We will also discover how a world piece computer connected to a world piece with fewer world pieces looks equivalent to the universal piece computer (is, in fact). We finish this section by addressing the primary difference between the universal piece computer and world piece computers: the Human brain.\
\
Finally we put the pieces of the architecture together. How does the architecture let us meld everything together? How do we generalize this architecture to be agnostic to which computer type we are referring to -- universal or world? We explore a little about the role of different embedded computer architectures present within, and talk about how the peace-based architecture may be seen as a hybrid of the quantum and Von Neumann architectures. We conclude by reviewing three simple yet essential components that define the universal piece computer and world piece computers in general.\
\
From here out, instead of saying 'the universal piece computer and world piece computers' every time, I will refer to the pair simply as 'piece computer'. Piece and peace are disambiguated by context, by articles 'a' (world) piece computer\
\
This section is where things start to get a little wild, so please approach what follows with an open mind.}