{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Motivational Piece: Uncertain inevitability.\
\
Subpiece 1: Peace is inevitable.
\f1\b0 \
Within this piece, we again refer to the triplet of time, energy, and people as the 
\f2\i trifecta
\f1\i0 .\
Anecdotally, peace is the most valuable thing. Peace makes it possible for me to make the most of my Trifecta, for the purpose of creating new life with others while making life more awesome for everybody involved. War (effectively the absence of peace) diverts precious time and energy toward destroying life with others, and generally making life much less awesome. (In pathological cases, destruction and annihilation is a pleasurable form of peace-seeking, but let's leave that aside for now.)\
So although the Trifecta are the scarcest resources thus valuable in their own rite, they mean nothing if they are not utilized. If you spend all your time and energy trying to avoid being destroyed in a war, you don't get to use any of that resource to enjoy life, build relationships, create.\
At first glance, 'peace is inevitable' is a silly statement. What would compel somebody to say such a thing? It sure doesn't look like peace is inevitable, in fact, it often seems impossible to attain.\
Here's another take on the value of peace. In times of war, people will go so far as to kill for peace. The idea of going to war is to realize an existential entitlement that conflicts with somebody else. Peace is so valuable that people will give up everything, even their lives in times of war to regain peace. People may even take to the offensive to realize some greater form of peace in their minds by provoking violent conflict. In war, people will sacrifice their Trifecta, for the chance to attain the version of peace they feel just and entitled to. In other words, war is the ultimate cost of peace. Quantifying, we can safely say that peace is at least as valuable as all the resource expended during times of war. Given that it is easier to destroy than it is to create, this is a lot of value. War carries an absurdly high opportunity cost.\
Circling back to the Trifecta, peace is the systematic and meaningful liberation of these resources. War is to sacrifice these things. Peace liberates the immense value of the Trifecta. War destroys the value. 'Peace is inevitable' then, just means that the greed of Human Nature will prevail. We crave more and more (and better) time and energy, and we will stop at nothing to get it. The Trifecta is so valuable that these resources are hoarded by millionaires and billionaires around the world. Money becomes an ancillary concern once the time, energy and expertise of people are harnessed properly. The reason millionaires and billionaires are so filthy rich is that they know the value of the Trifecta, and they know how to harness it in terms of profiteering greed. But 'peace is inevitable' still needs some more justification. Just because peace is valuable and Humans are greedy doesn't mean peace is inevitable.\
Napoleon apparently said, 'it is not enough to just succeed; one must also profit from their success'. So it is probably not enough to just achieve peace, which is why people usually pair 'peace' with 'prosperity' where peace sets the stage for prosperity. Besides for maybe war mongers, everybody prospers more in times of peace. Prosperity is the profit that makes peace worth having. Millionaires and billionaires obviously know exactly how profitable the trifecta is, though generally at the expense of the people they harness.\
So put simply, 'peace is inevitable' is to say that peace is profitable. But I 
\f2\i don't
\f1\i0  mean profitable in the strict monetary sense. Rather, I mean profitable in terms of whatever currency one values most. For many people, this currency may be time itself. During global peace time, economy is stable and growing. Locally, people have higher quality of life and more affluence. Especially in our capitalistic world, if peace is more profitable than war, then peace is simply inevitable.\
This treatment so far has been more from the global and local perspective of peoples or society being at war or peace. Back to the anecdote, this all applies equally well to the individual perspective. That is, I profit more from peace than I do from war, be it interpersonal or internal. (And again, the profit is derived from the prosperity I can generate with my free time, energy, and people that would otherwise be lost to war.)\
If one is at war within, or at war with another person, they become so fixated on how to end the war that all their time and energy goes toward waging war instead of living in peace. The more intense the inner or interpersonal war, the greater the lengths\'97the more time and energy one will spend to attain peace. In the pathological cases, the war is so consuming and destructive that people resort to extreme and irreversible measures to find peace. In the worst cases, peace is not perceived as possible due to the intensity of war, so efforts are made to end the war at all costs for relief. This is where killing becomes an issue.\
If somebody dies because of war, this is the ultimate loss of value. Time and energy cease to matter for the deceased. Any time and energy that person had available in the future is revoked, no more.\
The people in charge of things are smart though. There are pathological cases where somebody in charge wages war for profit, but in most part the people in charge understand that piecetime makes people more money etc, and piecetime enhances people's quality of life. The incentive of profit is clearly there, thus for now at least, peace is inevitable.\
Regarding the military industrial complex, there is the Latin saying, "
\f2\i si vis pacum, para bellum
\f1\i0 ", which means, "if you want peace, prepare for war." Peace advocates are generally quick to denounce the wisdom of this tidbit as 'no longer applicable', but I do not believe this the case. Although the military industrial complex will need to pivot and adopt new business models, there will always be a need for military preparation (with the exception of nuclear arms, which are just stupid). The harsh fact is that no matter how peaceful we become, there will always be bad guys (and gals) who wish to conquer and harm for the sake of it. Until the universal piece computer is fully functioning and integrated into society, we must assume that there are people capable and willing to go out of their way to make war and do harm on innocents.\
To really hammer at it, consider the course of civilization. Although the
\f2\i  Global Peace Index
\f1\i0  has been eroding in the past 10-20 years, overall we live in one of the most peaceful eras known to Humanity. As we have less war and fewer tyrannical dictators in charge, our global economy has surged with growth and technological innovation. The rising tide of peace floats all boats (though the unjust way it does so is a different conversation, albeit extremely important to the topic of peace). There is still extreme disparity between affluence and poverty, but it is safe to say that everybody benefits to some extent from the booming global economy. (Again, there are plenty of pathological cases in obvious disagreement with the above.)\
So I end this section with 
\f3\i\b The Economic Peace Thesis
\f1\i0\b0 :\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b \cf0 Peace is more profitable.
\f1\i0\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Subpiece 2: We can't wait.\ul \ulc0 	
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
The inevitability of peace only makes sense by making a little caveat: global peace may be inevitable, but only if we don't go extinct first. This seems like a pretty obvious and trivial statement but it bears inspection. We cannot just sit back and expect global peace to happen.\
From one angle, our extinction very well may be imminent, as we grapple with the consequences of global warming and impending peak population among other things. Likewise, as tensions mount in more and different ways on the global stage, the possibility of world nuclear war or a third world war is real. From another angle, without introducing any new knowledge and insight into the equation of how we understand reality, extinction may be physically inevitable in the long run. This could be in the form of a universal heat death.\
In any case, for us to be at peace with the looming threat of extinction, we must be able to honestly tell ourselves that we are doing everything we can to ensure our survival. Unfortunately, backing up our species on Mars doesn't mean much if we can't find the will to unify and deliberately situate ourselves with solidarity to face our existential problems on Earth.\
Stated without proof or justification, it very well may be that we cannot solve our deepest existential problems as a species if we do not learn how to prioritize peace on a global scale. When the stakes are survival itself, it makes conservative sense to 
\f2\i assume
\f1\i0  we need to put global peace first. If we can create a meaningful form of global peace, we stand to liberate that much more Human time and energy for the purpose of studying and solving our existential problems. If it turns out we do 
\f2\i not 
\f1\i0 need to prioritize peace, yet we attain it anyway, then the liberated time and energy will make it that much sooner that we solve problems like global warming and peak population.\
Assuming we 
\f2\i do
\f1\i0  need global peace to overcome our existential problems, given the progression of global warming we will need to attain some semblance of global peace in the next 10-20 years. If we can leverage the powers of exponential growth and explosive percolation within networks (more on that later) this may indeed be possible.\
People are constantly talking about what will be the death of us. Many people believe this will be global warming, many others believe this will be the erosion of our traditions, our institutions, our values, etc. In every case the scenario is the same: we have a ton of different people all yelling at once about what they think the most important death-of-us problem is to face. If we are to ever have hope for thinking straight about these issues, we will first need to stop shouting so much. The circular catch is that the only thing that will make the shouting stop is the calmness of peace, but to have peace and calm people need to stop shouting. It seems like most of the shouting is born from fear and anger at injustice or futility.\
It seems this type of fear and anger is often a reaction to the feeling that we aren't taking this or that death-of-us problem seriously enough. What we need for us to all stop shouting at once, is the common knowledge that no matter what death-of-us problem you get riled up about, we as Humans have a single global peace system in place that is designed to ensure we are methodically and deliberately taking your death-to-us problems seriously. Similar to how the presence of a police and fire department make it easy to live home-lives carefree of scary stuff, an effective global peace system would likely have a similar calming and soothing effect. Certainly there are people who will never stop shouting, but for those people such a peace system would validate and record the content of the shouting, then build some sort of figurative 'noise box' to contain the din.\
A vagabond once suggested that global peace would be more aptly called 
\f2\i The Great Hush
\f1\i0 . We can't work together as a species if we cannot find a way to hear ourselves over the din of Humanity. If one is faced with a crisis or a existential threat, the obvious advice is to remain calm, cool, and collected, think, and avoid hysteric panic at all costs. If we want global peace, we need to learn how to shut up. If we can't shut up, we need to ensure that the people capable of impact have channels in place that facilitate communication between them, despite the noise.\
So the prudent course: Healthy pessimism dictates we assume that global peace is a prerequisite to solving our hardest problems. Then, healthy optimism dictates we assume global peace is an inevitability. Finally, healthy realism dictates we assume the worst and design for the best. We cannot sit back and expect global peace to happen, so we must instill some urgency and make it happen. Put plainly, don't wait. Global peace needs to be explicitly prioritized, and now.}