{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 In this particular world piecespace, there were stickynotes 
\f1\i everywhere
\f0\i0 . Rows, columns, stacks, tucked into things, tucked into hats, shirt pockets, little bins. Stickynotes of different colors, pasted to mirrors, windows, walls. This was just the interior residence space. There were stickynotes beyond even, scattered throughout space and time within a particular local region, in a particularly harsh region of the planet Earth. To the untrained eye, this was a scattered mess. There was, however, order to the chaos. This was one aspect of one rather eclectic individual Human's non electronic world piece computer.\
\
But this was just the stickynotes. In this particular world piecespace, there were also 
\f1\i paperclips 
\f0\i0 everywhere. A rainbow of different colors, clipped to things, a few bent into peculiar shapes. Some were clipped to clothing, many on hats, many on pockets. A large number of paperclips were attached to the neighboring system of stickynotes, too. There were a few paper stacks with colored paperclips binding everything together. The paperclips were a lot more versatile than stickynotes, more durable especially, but they were less spacious and lacked the ability to store nonbrain data. They were however, very good at storing memories in colored chains, many dangling throughout the interior residence space (and a few short ones dangling in the transport space.\
\
One particular use for the paperclips was bead management. Because they were much less resource expensive--especially in terms of space occupied--there were a lot more beads than paperclips, and of more diverse range of colors. Many beads were mounted on paperclips. Some paperclips only had one bead, loose enough to slide back and forth. Some paperclips had many beads, more like the chains of paperclips dangling around. Some beads were mounted on pushpins, stuck into hats. There were long strings, full of beads. Some were in the form of necklaces, some straight, and one necklace was under construction, a paperclip chain being converted to a bead sequence because it had grown too long.\
\
This was all a 
\f1\i lot
\f0\i0  to take in. }