{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Opening\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
This book is dedicated to victims of generalized war.\
\
I do not necessarily suggest we all change how we do things; I suggest we all change our _approach_ to how we do things. I think we can do better to prioritize peace as an explicit process, not a result. I think we need to take global peace more seriously.\
\
Disclaimers regarding my writing style:\
\
To be clear, I only care to communicate the gestalt of this idea effectively to the right people and this book will only scratch the surface. By nature of my temperament I tend to make loose associations, thus I meander like a lazy river. I hold true to gravity though. I also frequently make definitive and authoritative statements without proof or justification. My language is somewhat professorial, so I apologize for that. But I really don't care much about reaching every audience member perfectly. I'm intent to make this stuff real, not speak at book clubs and signing events.\
\
Please bear in mind that this book contains my version and vision of things. Yours will look different than mine, and that's ok. Be patient and open minded; your blood pressure will thank you.
\f0\b Forward
\f1\b0 \
\
This book is for people who believe that some form of 'world peace' in the form of a global peace system must be erected if we are to ensure our species' survival, and guarantee high quality of life for us and our offspring. To distinguish from 'world peace' -- which is an extremely loaded term eliciting images of hand holding and utopian song -- we will use the term 'global peace' to refer to the pragmatic version of world peace laid out in this book. \
\
All this makes me a troubled soul. The contents of this book have been haunting me for years, and I fully expect to be haunted for the rest of my life while I work to realize the vision outlined within. My hope is to distribute the burden of realization among people who see what I see and likewise wish to make it real. I hope to find my people, and work with them to make our respective futures downright epic.\
\
If you don't get it, I get it. If you think this is a fool's errand, I get it. If you find this offensive to your sensibilities, I get it. I only expect around 10% of my audience to easily comprehend the significance of what I propose, and that's ok. For the majority, it may take some effort to understand, so I offer this first and foremost as the intellectually stimulating entertainment of a futurist technologist peace nut. I'll even venture to call this art -- call it conceptual peace art. To skeptics, good be skeptical. To the critics, fine criticize me. To the haters, you are not my target audience, so your sentiments mean little to me. For any of you, if you wish to dig into me and this work, please try to keep discourse productive. In most cases, I have more important things to spend my time and energy on than engaging with my opposition. And for the lovers and enthusiasts, please be wary of the intoxicating and destabilizing effects these ideas may have on your worldview. I find it best to approach these ideas with a sober mindset.\
\
From a personal perspective, I just want to make new and better life with people. For us who value grounded and pragmatic notions of peace, for us who believe global peace is worth defining and taking seriously, for those of us who believe the survival of our species depends on our taking peace seriously, this book is for you. I intend this book to serve as a springboard for networking our like-minds to accelerate the advent of global peace, then maintain and improve upon the standing state of peace art.\
\
And if you read no further, at least ponder this:\
\
Peace is more an evolving continuous iterative process than it is a result or product. What would it mean in your life to treat peace as a process, not a result? I think you stand to profit immensely by asking yourself of this throughout your day-to-day affairs.\
\
And if you read further, let's get it.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Forward 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
My goal in providing you this book is to teach you a new language that literally rewires your brain in terms of peace, which by my belief will change the way you think act for the better.\
\
Compared to your default ways, I think you stand to benefit -- profit even -- from seeing and interacting with the world around you in terms of peace.\
\
As an experiment, I would like to know whether or not people who think in terms of peace 
\f2\i do
\f1\i0  live more profitable lives.\
\
If you read this book and commit to understanding by internalizing its contents (which I highly recommend), you become a member of the experiment's test population. If you read this book and do not internalize the contents, you become a member of the experiment's neutral population. And if you do not read this book, you belong to the control (default) population.\
\
N = 1 studies, surveys, polls will be conducted after some minimum readership has been established, and enough time passed. The results may be published in future editions.\
\
Eventually we will have access to the resources we need (test and control populations, scientific and medical facilities) to perform more sophisticated studies. This will certainly include comparing brain activity between subjects using CT and MRI scans of their brains. Scans will also help us determine correlates between brain structure and peace-based thought patterns.\
\
Ultimately this research will map general peace-related experience to brain function and structure, and this will give us the opportunity to determine a difference map between peaceful thought, neutral thought, and warlike thought. Identifying key differences should lead to insights into how to lessen differences by root cause analysis.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Part 1 - 101\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
This first part sets the stage and is a prerequisite for the main course. My job is to teach you the concepts you will need to participate in, or think critically about this program.\
\
Through my travels speaking with people, a resounding theme is that education will be one of the critical aspects underpinning effective global peace. This book shares qualities of a text book, and me being the author, am here to teach you all about this massive vision that's been stewing in my head for well over a decade. The reason this is educational and not just the quirky entertainment of a futurist, is that I genuinely believe that the contents of this text are invaluable, that they have the ability to help and enhance 
\f2\i your
\f1\i0  world, and to do so 
\f2\i now
\f1\i0 .\
\
Thus, drawing from 
\f2\i Verbal Judo'
\f1\i0 s model for education, the educational objective is to motivate you enough to learn a novel way of thinking about peace and computers. The educational goal is use these learnings to expand your mind about what our options are when it comes to the hard question of how to go about solving the war and peace problem. With these learnings and an expanded mind, the hope is that you will have the resources you need to bring peace to your world, and if you already have peace, to enhance it.\
\
Let's begin.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 1-1 Time Machine For Peace\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
No, this is not a book about time machines or time travel (unless you want to consider passing into the future a form of time travel). No, this is not a book advocating for utopia, either. This is a book written in the belief that 'world peace' (from now on, 'global peace') will be an inconceivably complex and slippery state to achieve and maintain, but inevitable by nature of inherent profitability of peace. This book offers a unique approach to taking global peace seriously.\
\
Time Machine For Peace is a broad spectrum invention program -- an umbrella project. In the most general terms, the time machine for peace invention program serves as a _vehicle_ whose sole purpose is to transport us in a safe and speedy manner toward our final destination: the advent of global peace and beyond. A large reason this invention program is called a 'time machine' is because the ultimate problem we face as a species is that time, its conjugate variable energy, and people (access to), are exceedingly scarce. To be a vehicle that transports us to a more peaceful and prosperous future will demand systematic management of the limited time, energy, and conflicting interests of said vehicle's passengers, us.\
\
This book presents an exploration of what a time machine for peace invention program might look like. However, the primary emphasis will be on the central project to invent 
\f2\i the universal piece computer
\f1\i0 . We will touch on many diverse and interrelated topics as we go. The ultimate purpose in writing this book is to propose, argue for, and present a call to action for turning what has been an individual effort for many years into a social invention project devoted to accelerating the advent of global peace.\
\
First we take some time to talk about motivating factors, how world peace may be inevitable if we don't kill ourselves off accidentally, then explore a means of experimentally verifying the inevitability of peace. Next, we will give a treatment on 'consilience' (the unification of knowledge), and argue that to even be equipped to solve the problem 'how do we accomplish global peace', we must create versions of mathematics, science, art, engineering, etc, that are all devoted to framing and generating such a solution. We will explore this prospect that if we want to achieve global peace, we must take everything we already do, and create new versions that are contextualized in terms of peace. The segues into the proposed starting point: in order to coordinate such a massive undertaking (solving peace) we must invent a special purpose general computer devoted to treating peace as a process. [ deduplicate versions statements ]\
\
This aforementioned computer is called -- in generic terms -- a _world piece computer_. We will talk all about peace and pieces, which will be confusing at first. At this point we will get into defining what a world piece computer is, what it does, characteristics and properties, and how we might network them together to form a singular supercomputer called -- again in generic terms -- _the universal piece computer_, a supercomputer devoted to computing a solution to the global peace problem. The argument is that we need a network of world piece computers to facilitate the creation of new versions of human institutions, all contextualized in terms of peace. After the universal piece computer is erected, we can then use its computational power to initiate other invention projects under the umbrella of the time machine for peace program.\
\
Next we will close by addressing calls to action. How can you jump in and get involved? How can you help invent the world piece computer to form the universal piece computer? How will collaboration even look like?\
\
Finally, in the epilogue I will discuss the physical motivation underpinning it all. This is largely philosophical with direct appeals to physics and mathematics, by analogy. In brief, our species' understanding of time, consciousness, and evolution is crude to the point that we are incapable of explaining subjectivity, the irreversibility of time, and the reason matter evolves the way it does. I argue that if we ever hope to solve deeper peace-problems such as dying too soon, we need to learn how to systematically violate the second law of thermal dynamics. (The second law is one of the best-validated physical principles, basically stating that there is no free lunch, events are irreversible, and everything must crumble or die, eventually.) If we can coordinate the creation of a physical model or theory of reality framed in terms of time, qualitative experience (consciousness), and intelligence, we may find hope to discover ways we might avoid the seeming inevitability of extinction.\
\
I sincerely hope you enjoy exploring these grandiose and exciting ideas alongside me. I likewise hope you draw something -- inspiration, insight, hope, etc -- from this work.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 1-2 Peace Is Inevitable\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
From here out, we will refer to the triplet of time, energy, and people as the 'Trifecta'.\
\
Anecdotally, peace is the most valuable thing. Peace makes it possible for me to make the most of my Trifecta, for the purpose of creating new life with others while making life more awesome for everybody involved. War (effectively the absence of peace) diverts precious time and energy toward destroying life with others, and generally making life much less awesome. (In pathological cases, destruction and annihilation is a form of peace-seeking, but let's leave that aside for now.)\
\
So although the Trifecta are the scarcest resources thus valuable in their own rite, they mean nothing if they are not utilized. If you spend all your time and energy trying to avoid being destroyed in a war, you don't get to use any of that resource to enjoy life, build relationships, create. [shaky]\
\
At first glance, 'peace is inevitable' is a questionable statement. What would compel somebody to say such a thing? It sure doesn't look like peace is inevitable, in fact, it often seems impossible to attain.\
\
Here's another take on the value of peace. In times of war, people will go so far as to kill for peace. The idea of going to war is to realize an existential entitlement that conflicts with somebody else. Peace is so valuable that people will give up everything but their lives (and sometimes even their lives) in times of war to regain peace. People may even take to the offensive to realize some greater form of their peace by provoking violent conflict. In war, people will sacrifice their Trifecta, for the chance to attain the version of peace they feel entitled to. In other words, war is the ultimate cost of peace. Quantifying, we can safely say that peace is at least as valuable as all the resource expended during times of war. Given that it is easier to destroy than it is to create, this is a lot of value. War has carries an absurdly high opportunity cost.\
\
Circling back to the Trifecta, peace is the meaningful liberation of these resources. War is to sacrifice these things. Peace liberates the immense value of the Trifecta. War destroys the value. 'Peace is inevitable' then, just means that the greed of Human Nature will prevail. We crave more and more (and better) time and energy, and we will stop at nothing to get it. The Trifecta is so valuable that these resources are cherished by millionaires and billionaires around the world. Money becomes an ancillary concern once the time, energy and expertise of people are harnessed properly. The reason millionaires and billionaires are so filthy rich is that they know the value of the Trifecta, and they know how to harness it. 'Peace is inevitable' still needs some more justification. Just because peace is valuable doesn't mean peace is inevitable.\
\
Napoleon was know for saying, 'it is not enough to just succeed; one must also profit from their success'. So it is probably not enough to just achieve peace, but people usually pair 'peace' with 'prosperity' where peace sets the stage for prosperity. Besides for maybe war mongers, everybody prospers more in times of peace. Prosperity is the profit that makes peace worth having. Millionaires and billionaires know exactly how profitable the trifecta is.\
\
So put simply, 'peace is inevitable' is to say that peace is profitable. But I _don't_ mean profitable in the strict monetary sense. Rather, I mean profitable in terms of whatever currency one values most. For many people, this currency may be time itself. During peacetime globally, economy is stable and growing. Locally, people have higher quality of life and more affluence. Especially in our capitalistic world, if peace is more profitable than war, then peace is simply inevitable.\
\
This treatment so far has been more from the global and local perspective of peoples or society being at war or peace. Back to the anecdote, this all applies equally well to the individual perspective. That is, I profit more from peace than I do from war, be it interpersonal or internal. (And again, the profit is derived from the prosperity I can generate with my free time, energy, and people that would otherwise be lost to war.)\
\
If one is at war within, or at war with another person, they become so fixated on how to end the war that all their time and energy goes toward waging war instead of living in peace. The more intense the inner or interpersonal war, the greater the lengths -- the more time and energy one will spend to attain peace. In the pathological cases, the war is so consuming and destructive that people resort to extreme and irreversible measures to find peace. In the worst cases, peace is not a perceived possibility due to the intensity of war, so efforts are made to end the war at all costs for relief. This is where killing becomes an issue.\
\
If somebody dies because of war, this is the ultimate loss of value. Time and energy cease to matter for the deceased. Any time and energy that person had available in the future is revoked, no more.\
\
The people in charge of things are smart though. There are pathological cases where somebody in charge wages war for profit, but in most part these people understand that peace makes people more money etc, and peace enhances people's quality of life. The incentive of profit is clearly there, thus for now at least, peace is inevitable.\
\
Regarding the military industrial complex, there is a Latin saying, "si vis pacum, para bellum", which means, "if you want peace, prepare for war." Peace advocates are generally quick to denounce the wisdom of this tidbit as 'no longer applicable', but I do not believe this the case. Although the military industrial complex will need to pivot and adopt new business models, there will always be a need for military preparation (with the exception of nuclear arms, which are just stupid). The harsh fact is that no matter how peaceful we become, there will always be bad guys (and gals) who wish to conquer and harm for the sake of it. Until the universal piece computer is fully functioning and integrated into society, we must assume that there are people capable and willing to go out of their way to make war. (Ahem, Putin, etc.)\
\
To really hammer at it, consider the course of civilization. Although the Global Peace Index [insert tidbit explaining GPI] has been eroding in the past 10-20 years, overall we live in one of the most peaceful eras known to Humanity. As we have less war and fewer tyrannical dictators in charge, our global economy has surged with growth and technological innovation. The rising tide of peace floats all boats (though some an unjust amount more than others). There is still extreme disparity between affluence and poverty, but it is safe to say that everybody benefits to some extent from the booming global economy. (Again, there are plenty of pathological cases in apparent disagreement with the above.)\
\
So I end this section with "The Economic Peace Thesis":\
\
"Peace is more profitable."\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 1-3 We Can't Wait!\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The inevitability of peace only makes sense by making a little caveat: global peace may be inevitable, but only if we don't go extinct first. This seems like a pretty obvious and trivial statement but it bears inspection. We cannot just sit back and expect global peace to happen.\
\
From one angle, our extinction very well may be imminent, as we grapple with the consequences of global warming and impending peak population among other things. Likewise, as tensions mount in more and different ways on the global stage, the possibility of world nuclear war or a third world war is real. From another angle, without introducing any new knowledge to the equation of how we understand reality, extinction may be physically inevitable.\
\
In any case, for us to be at peace with the looming threat of extinction, we must be able to honestly tell ourselves that we are doing everything we can to ensure our survival. Unfortunately backing up our species on Mars doesn't mean much if we cannot find the will to unify and deliberately situate ourselves to face our existential problems on Earth with solidarity.\
\
Stated without proof or justification, it very well may be that we cannot solve our deepest existential problems as a species if we do not learn how to prioritize peace on a global scale. When the stakes are survival itself, it makes conservative sense to _assume_ we need to put global peace first. If we can create a meaningful form of global peace, we stand to liberate that much more Human time and energy for the purpose of studying and solving our existential problems. If it turns out we do not need to prioritize peace, yet we attain it anyway, then the liberated time and energy will make it that much sooner that we solve problems like global warming and peak population.\
\
Assuming we _do_ need global peace to overcome our existential problems, given the progression of global warming we will need to attain some semblance of global peace in the next 10-20 years. If we can leverage the powers of exponential growth and explosive percolation within networks (more on that later) this may indeed be possible.\
\
People are constantly talking about what will be the death of us. Many people believe this will be global warming, many others believe this will be the erosion of our traditions, our institutions, our values, etc. In every case the scenario is the same: we have a ton of different people all yelling at once about what they think the most important death-of-us problem is to face. If we are to ever have hope for thinking straight about these issues, we will first need to stop shouting so much. The circular catch is that the only thing that will make the shouting stop is the calmness of peace, but to have peace and calm people need to stop shouting. It seems like most of the shouting is born from fear and anger at injustice or futility.\
\
It seems this type of fear and anger is often a reaction to the feeling that we aren't taking this or that death-of-us problem seriously enough. What we need for us to all stop shouting at once, is the common knowledge that no matter what death-of-us problem you get riled up about, we as Humans have a single global peace system in place that is fostered to ensure we are methodically and deliberately taking all death-to-us problems seriously. Similar to how the presence of a police and fire department make it easy to live homelives carefree of scary stuff, an effective global peace system would likely have a similar calming and soothing effect. Certainly there are people who will never stop shouting, but for those people such a peace system would validate and record the content of the shouting, then build some sort of figurative 'noise box' to contain the din.\
\
A vagabond once suggested that global peace would be more aptly called 'The Great Hush'. We can't work together as a species if we cannot find a way to hear ourselves over the din of Humanity. If one is faced with a crisis or a existential threat, the obvious advice is to remain calm, cool, and collected, think, and avoid hysteric panic at all costs. If we want global peace, we need to learn how to shut up. If we can't shut up, we need to ensure that the people capable of impact have channels in place that facilitates communication between them, despite the noise.\
\
So the prudent course: Healthy pessimism dictates we assume that global peace is a prerequisite to solving our hardest problems. Then, healthy optimism dictates we assume global peace is an inevitability. Finally, healthy realism dictates we assume the worst and design for the best. We cannot sit back and expect global peace to happen, so we must instill some urgency and make it happen. Put plainly, don't wait. Global peace needs to be explicitly prioritized, and now.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 1-4 The Grandest Experiment\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Whether or not we like it, capitalism is our economic way of doing things. Regardless your take on the merits of capitalism, we can all agree that the system has some very nasty outcomes and that we can count on a better economic system emerging in the future, probably backwards compatible with capitalism. Now, because we cannot visit the past and change any of it, to make peace with capitalism is first to stop quibbling over whether it is good or bad. Then, we must see the past for what it was.\
\
We have experienced an absurd rate of growth in the past 250 years, the past 30 years in particular. The result is a world full of technology that (in principle) improves our quality of life, and a world full of communications infrastructure that completely eliminates geographic separation from the equation. If we can't undo capitalism, we can at least say that we needed it to get _this far_. The economic incentives as they were drove technological innovation like it did, so here we are take it or leave it.\
\
But this does not mean we need to be okay with capitalism now. We have all the infrastructure and the physical and social technology we need to level up our economic systems, so what to do? According to The Economic Peace Thesis, peace is more profitable because it liberates the Trifecta (time, energy, people) for doing useful and creative work. If we all profit more from peace, then it makes sense to seed an economic system around peace and the Trifecta. What would this look like?\
\
For one, 'profit' in such a system will be generalized. This means we should not measure profit strictly in terms of fiscal currency. We will need to diversify what we mean when we talk about money. If we attempt to valuate somebody's Trifecta, we may need to represent their unique value in terms of a unique currency, and in a way that can be accounted for. I may represent my Trifecta in terms of a new currency called "Blair-bucks", useful for tracking all the little IOUs that are too hard to resolve with regular dollars and cents.\
\
The reasoning goes like, if everybody -- communities included -- begin circulating their own currencies in addition to dollars and cents, we will have more money in circulation thus we will have more opportunity to capture peace profits in liquid form. In the other direction, more _types_ of currency will give the economy's cashflow much higher resolution because in principle there will be more ledgers for bookkeeping thus more data to aid in understanding market movements. If the profitability of peace means we have a system backwards compatible with capitalism, a system with more money, a system with more spending opportunities, a system with more earning opportunities, a system with more data streams and throughput, then this marks a worthy center to begin arranging the grandest experiment.\
\
Everything revolves around money. To quote J. Cole, "stack it up. [money] can't take it when you die, but you can't live without it." If global peace is not economically incentivized, it will never happen.\
\
So the experiment. Back to The Economic Peace Thesis, what we really need to do is perform an experiment to see if peace really is more profitable. This will entail a lot (almost everything), hence this will probably be the grandest experiment to date.\
\
First though, let's veer a little to examine the global peace problem more closely. Without getting into detailed nuance (more on that later), solving global peace will be unprecedented in scope, complexity, difficulty, and more. For context, global peace depends on the individual worlds within having peace. Every Human has their own world they tend to, and if a Human is at war within, or with others, then that world does not have peace. Every community is a world in itself. Every family is a world in itself. So, this is a lot of data and variables to consider.\
\
In mathematics solving a problem is more about how well the problem is formulated. If a problem is formulated poorly, it is difficult to be concise about a solution. Further, solving a problem is also about knowing the right math or having the right language, tools, tricks, machinery to do so. Easy problems are well defined, and the mathematical machinery already exists to solve them. Hard problems are poorly defined, and the mathematical machinery does not exist. When a mathematician stumbles across a hard problem, they first focus on finding better language to define it. Once the problem is clearly defined, they proceed to _invent_ whatever machinery (tools and tricks) they need to generate the solution.\
\
Approaching the global peace problem will be similar to approaching hard problems in mathematics. The difference is that to define and frame the global peace problem, we will need to  find better language and invent new machinery for _every_ discipline. Sticking to the mathematics example, we will want to frame global peace and its inner workings mathematically. Naturally, as there is no preexisting 'peace math', we will need to find new language to define the global peace problem mathematically, then we will need to invent new machinery to actually generate a solution. This peace math will be just like regular math, but it will be a version that is framed in terms of peace.\
\
The global peace problem will also need engineering, surly, so there will be a similar peace engineering version. This peace engineering will be all about design and implementation of global peace. We also have physics. We will need a peace physics. We will need peace economics, we will need peace political science, peace psychology, peace law, and so on. We will need peace art. We will need an all around general peace science. A new version of all disciplines.\
\
With these parallel disciplines, we will have the tools we need to define and attempt to solve the global peace problem. Actually doing this however (creating the new discipline versions and solving the problem) will demand more than an handful of peace-themed disciplines. Staying focused, our goal is to determine whether or not (global) peace is really more profitable. To do this we need to make a comparison: profitability now vs profitability of a peace system. We already established that this comparison will be centered about some backwards compatible peace-based alternative to capitalism.\
\
In comparing peace-based vs non peace-based economic systems, all other institutions and entities will fall in place around in comparison. By The Economic Peace Thesis, our hypothesis for the experiment is that the peace-based economic system and all its constituent elements will be more successful (profitable) than their non peace-based counter parts. Peace-based mathematics will be more powerful than non peace-based maths. Peace-based corporations will have higher EBITAs than those corporations that do not explicitly prioritize peace. Peace-based academia will provide better quality education and produce higher quality original research. Peace-based religious denominations will have higher conversion rates than religious denominations that preach fanatic, intolerant, and exclusionary beliefs. Peace-based governmental entities will have less bureaucratic bloat, better reach, etc.\
\
The Grandest Experiment therefor, is a comparison of how we do things now vs how we would do things if we approached everything we do explicitly in terms of peace. The experiment's hypothesis is that approaching how we do things in explicit terms of peace will be more effective, bearing more success than our current status quo.\
\
An interesting thing about The Grandest Experiment is that it should never end. We will go over this more later on, but for now just bear in mind that any solution to the global peace problem will need to continuously evolve to track advancement. We will constantly be comparing present results against the future's more and more peace-based establishment.\
\
We still have a lot to talk about with regard to economics and all the different peace-based disciplines, institutions, and entities. We'll touch back on those later.\
\
And moving forward please remember: 'peace-based' means 'based on the concepts of peace outlined in this book'. We will spend plenty of time later to go over what those are but for now we are just setting the stage.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 1-5 Consilience\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
This chapter, like the rest in this section, is a prelude for the next section where we get into describing the central invention project in the Time Machine For Peace program. Here we discuss one of the primary functions of the world piece computer: knowledge unification.\
\
Consilience was first popularized by the biologist Edward O Wilson. The idea is that instead of disciplines becoming more and more specialized, siloed and out of touch with each other, we should instead endeavor to bring knowledge together into a whole, unified via a common language (a universal 'knowledge language' so to speak. More technically, this is to create an _ontology_ from all the discrete bodies of knowledge, all the various disciplines.\
\
Unifying knowledge is important in two main regards:\
\
The first is that in terms of solving the global peace problem, we need all the tools we can get. If knowledge is unified, for example to unify art and science, we are more able to traverse to and fro between pure art and pure science at will. The value in this comes from the fact that merging disciplines introduces new language. Art language may be applied to science, and science language may be applied to art. This is powerful because this allows us to make novel -- and more -- associations. If I am a scientist, I can think of my experiment design as an art. The experiment has a gestalt, it has different tone and texture that must be managed. It has instruments in the same way a studio has supplies. The creative process cannot be neglected. On the flipside, if I am an artist, I can think of my current piece as an experiment. There is discovery involved, there is precision control of variables such as stroke weight, length, etc. I can take an unsatisfactory work and turn it into an experiment where I vary parameters, creating hypotheses along the way, to achieve better technique and results. The scientific method cannot be neglected. Cross pollination between peace-based disciplines will provide us with more insight we need to tackle the global peace problem.\
\
The second regard has to do with individual knowledge (and experience). We all have different knowledge we have accumulated over time, and it serves us in many beneficial ways. My knowledge contains insights, knowhow, and tricks (among other things) that serve me very well in my day-to-day. However, you probably don't know all my tricks and insights and knowhow. Likewise me to you, I cannot know all the value you store in your knowledge bank. So, say you and I share similar problems or difficulties. We are both on the hunt for new ways of approaching the same old problems, and the quickest way to do so is to access the person aspect of the Trifecta (doing so however, is at the expense of time and energy). You and I stand to profit by making peace (if not so), and working together to exchange our respective language. We both learn new things and we both walk away from the exchange better equipped to face reality. (Unifying individual knowledge always reminds me of the Vulcan mind meld, but unfortunately we don't have it so easy as telepathy.) The more people unify knowledge with one another, the more equipped we are to solve our hardest problems. The more unification, the more mutual understanding, thus the less likely we are to fall victim to accidental conflict.\
\
So what is the glue here? Be it individuals or disciplines, unifying knowledge has the common element of _language_. In order to unify two bodies of knowledge, there must be a higher degree of _understanding_ between them. If I try to understand your knowledge without knowing how to speak your language, I will fail. Likewise, the people tasked with unifying two disciplines must have the ability to understand the language of both. Language is the glue.\
\
Sometimes understanding language is difficult and nuanced. For example, you and I may both use the word 'dangerous' at times. You may by default say 'dangerous' and mean 'unsafe', whereas I may by default mean 'extremely competent'. If you and I were unifying our knowledge, we may actually need to invent our own shared language between us. The shared language is only ever supplemental (or not, as in the case of invented languages like Esperanto), so we won't need much and in many cases we can invent it as we go.\
\
Things of course get more complicated the more disciplines' and individuals' knowledge we attempt to unify at once. Here we are forced to find something common, but the problem with concepts that span many realms of discourse is that said concepts are often extremely vague and loose, with a myriad meanings between contexts and people. Shared language in this case must be more deliberately crafted.\
\
Thankfully, if we are speaking in terms of unifying peace-based versions of disciplines, this makes the choice of language glue very easy. Such a shared language will revolve about the concept of _peace_ (and as my effort is concerned, the concept of peace as drawn out in this book). Likewise, peace-minded individuals will have an easy time adopting a peace-based shared language because the Time Machine For Peace program is so large it will be infeasible without.\
\
It is tempting to draw back and exclaim, "you\'92re talking about inventing a universal language!" Not so fast, well, not yet at least. Language in general is 'living' they say. This means it is constantly changing, each news cycle, each inside joke, each movie and new piece of slang. Inventing a shared language cannot constitute a universal language because there is no machinery to facilitate the process of language exchange and evolution. When I say 'universal' I mean so in the sense that I use the word in this book. We'll get to that later or you can check the glossary but suffice to say, 'universal' in this context means between and among worlds. Universal language will not just include a standard language (grammar, lexicon, etc) but it will also include a process -- protocols even -- for connecting worlds of individuals and disciplines. Said process will include procedures (or agreements) to exchange, verify, correct, adjust, etc, the peace-based shared language. These procedures in general will focus on knowledge unification and learning, an educational process.\
\
This is what we will address in section two. We will explore how the concepts of a _world piece computer_ and _the universal piece computer_ will serve as this machinery of language exchange and evolution. World piece computers networked into the universal piece computer, coupled with the shared peace-based language, will be the proper universal language.\
\
Knowledge should live on one tree. The knowledge tree should have only one trunk. By creating peace-based versions of institutions, entities, ourselves, we stand to achieve a meaningful and purpose-driven form of consilience where the trunk is a universal concept of peace. Before we can unify as a people, we will need to begin tackling the unification of knowledge. Before we can do that, we need to disambiguate between the different types of peace that I will use throughout .\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 1-6 Disambiguating Peace - terminology\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
So far I've been using 'peace' without actually addressing how 'peace' as a concept is used in the Time Machine For Peace program. Peace and world peace are the most common peace nouns. Let's establish some rules and define terms. This will be essential to understanding in section two and beyond.\
\
This defines the core of the shared language I propose. A glossary and specification found in appendix[].\
\
First, I will refrain from using the phrase 'world peace'. It is too loaded, charged, and elicits imagery of fantasy utopias and kumbaya nonsense. (Kumbaya btw, originated as a German word meaning 'come from God'.) Instead, we will define 'global peace' as the mature big brother of world peace. Global peace is realistic, messy, chaotic. Global peace is to treat peace on a global scale (species wide), as the _product_ of the global peace system we erect. It is the system's state in any given moment. Likewise, we will add two more versions of global peace to represent a group's local world peace, and an individual's personal world peace.\
\
world peace -> global peace (global scale)\
world peace -> local peace (group scale)\
world peace -> individual peace (person scale)\
\
Next, I throw away 'peace', as it is too vague. Every Human being on the planet has a different understanding of what 'peace' means, so this is way too much to contend with (at least for now). Like 'world peace', it will be more productive to just leave 'peace' as it is in general use. However, one exceedingly common usage of 'peace' is to mean 'inner peace'. We will use the following:\
\
peace -> inner peace (within person)\
\
If that isn't enough, this next rule is by far the most irritating aspect of the language choice moving forward. (It absolutely drives people crazy, but this is more a fault of my poor communication skills and their inability to think fluidly.) Bear with me for now.From now on, in place of 'peace' and 'world peace', we will use 'piece' and 'world piece'. Besides 'global peace', 'piece' and 'world piece' are in fact the most important substitutions we can make. Like 'peace', the concept of a 'piece' becomes part of the knowledge tree's trunk. Most of this has to do with the fledgling piece-based physics that guides this program's efforts. (Section three will dive deep into this, but for now it goes to state that our universe's evolution of real matter and imaginary constructs is best described as a singular blob of pieces. The similarity between 'peace' and 'piece' in the English language may be misfortunate, but then again, there may certainly be a link between 'peace' as a concept, and 'piece' as a thing.\
\
piece (not peace)\
world piece (not world peace)\
\
Finally, we have to make the most important language distinction: peace as a process vs peace as a product (or result). Usually when somebody says 'peace', what they are referring to a static but temporary state of being (death being an exception). People often mean things like 'tranquil', 'calm', or 'still' when they say 'peaceful'. These are states of being that are pleasant and we work to attain them. This work we do to attain pleasant things is a dynamic and continuous process, and how we approach the work we do must change all the time to adapt to changing circumstance. The calm will only last until the storm comes. A bystander who was once enjoying the calm will now do work to return to calm; they will seek shelter or they will find better weather.\
\
This constant effort to return to good states of being is peace as a process, and we will call 'the universal piece' from now on.\
\
\{\{\
Universal Peace is the name of a peace advocacy  foundation that approaches peace from the perspective of unifying religions. We use under case 'universal piece' which a general concept and not the same as Universal Peace Foundation's work. If they have issue with the use of 'universal piece' in this program, I will consider 'unipeace', more likely I'll just contend.\
\}\}\
\
So the origin of 'theuniversal piece' goes like this: \
"\
[original language preserved] If we want to take world peace seriously, we need to consider the sources of war -- people. If an individual is at war with themself or the world in any way, this is liable to spill over into other individuals' lives. This becomes a local state of war (generalized), which would disqualify any claim to world peace.\
\
Thus, to attain world peace, we must ensure that each individual Human world is at peace first (again, inner peace), and every family, and every community, etc [we can see language becomes an issue here].\
\
But each world has a different notion of world peace, all 8 billion Human worlds plus all the other group worlds beyond that. It would seem that 'world peace' is not a great concept to refer to when talking about idealized global peace. Instead it makes more sense to think in terms of how to get all these 'world peace' versions to align in a way the maximizes the good and minimizes the bad.\
\
That is the purpose the universal piece serves. It serves as a process that continuously arranges/rearranges, connects/ disconnects Human worlds to find the optimal fit for a given set of circumstances. Because circumstances change, the universal piece process must be constantly evolving. As solutions to the universal piece we be bad at first, then steadily improve, this means the process is what we call 'iterative'. Calling on variational and numerical principles from mathematics, we can systematically explore the global peace solution space, then converge on better world-configuration solutions over time. For the sake of remaining simple (and for the sake of some considerations we will put off for now) we will define the universal piece as being 'singular'. This means that there can be only one universal piece process.\
\
We will revisit the universal piece soon, but for now I hope this language primer will save some confusion later on. All the concepts and terms above are essential if you and I want to better make sure we're on the same page.
\f0\b 1-7 Peace / Piece Computers\

\f1\b0 \
Before we broach section 2, although there are many motivations, let's take a moment to go over the primary motivation underpinning the contents.\
\
We have established that for global peace to make sense, we must adopt peace as a process that we define as the universal piece. At the global scale -- even local and individual \'96 the universal piece process involves a massive amount of data, variables, and information. In mathematics, the universal piece may be considered the iterative solution to what we call an 'optimization problem'. The specific optimization problem is to find the best way to arrange all the individual worlds, group worlds, and other worlds, such that good stuff is maximized and bad stuff is minimized. This is a very large number of objects, variables, and conditions to account for.\
\
Solving optimization problems that have many variables quickly becomes impossible to so by hand due to the amount of work involved. However, to the delight of modern mathematics and engineering, we invented the classical electronic computer to perform all the heavy lifting for optimization problems. Ever since the advent of the electronic computer, we have been using them to solve complex mathematics and engineering problems, responsible for the marvels of technology as we know today. There are limits to classical electronic computers regarding optimization problem -- this is where quantum computer becomes relevant -- but for now we should skip talking quantum.\
\
So we have a spectacularly epic optimization problem -- global peace. The universal piece is the singular process that iteratively solves global peace. So here we are. We have an optimization problem and we have a process to solve the problem. If only we had something that could help us run the process faster, with more data and capacity!\
\
Thus it makes sense that if computers are good at processing data (using the Von Neumann load-store architecture), and if they are good at running programs to solve optimization problems, then if we want global peace to happen then we should probably invent a special purpose computer that runs the universal piece process nonstop. This special computer will be called 'the universal piece computer' from now on, and by definition there may only be one.\
\
Due to the vast computational needs for such a large optimization problem, logic would suggest the compute power (hardware) should be distributed on a global scale and decentralized. What we would have as a basic shape for the universal piece computer would be a network of compute nodes -- or clusters -- spread out across the planet. In the world of classical computers we typically form large computers out of many smaller computers. Networking techniques that make the internet possible also make bonding computers into a single computer possible.\
\
At this point we have painted a picture of a single special computer spread out across the planet. It runs a single process that solves a single optimization problem to calculate the best configuration of Human worlds in a given moment. Let's go ahead an use a new vocabulary term introduced in the last part. We shall refer to Human worlds as being 'world pieces', and these are the objects that the universal piecce computer generates optimized configurations for.\
\
Because compute nodes for the universal piece computer will always be controlled by somebody, these individual nodes will exist within a world piece, which is Human world that contains the node. To actually implement the universal piece computer, it will make most sense to create nodes that are their own individual computers. Just like the universal piece computer as a whole, these smaller computers will help run universal piece by running just the portion of the universal piece that serves their own world. We shall call each one of these contributing computers a 'world piece computer'. Unlike the universal piecece computer, world piece computers are 
\f2\i plural
\f1\i0 , but only one world piece computer may be controlled by a single world at any given time.\
\
The universal piece running within a world piece computer is a little different than running globally as a whole on the universal piece computer. In a world, the process of creating, returning to, and maintaining good and pleasant times is still the (same) universal piece, but the specific objects that the universal piece is solving the optimization problem for are 
\f2\i both
\f1\i0  other world pieces (those not controlled by this Human world) and for simple non world pieces on their own. Pieces within a world piece may be any significant thing within that world. If you have a rain jacket in your backpack and a storm falls, your world piece computer will recognize that your rain jacket piece should be reconfigured so to be positioned on your torso. This will get the operator back to the pleasant experience of 'warm and dry'.\
\
That should do it for now. The universal piece computer is comprised of participating world piece computers all contributing to the singular process of the universal piece. Each world piece computer runs the universal piece for its own world's pieces. World pieces that do not participate in running the universal piece are still included in global peace configuration solutions. And gluing all this together? To unify all of the above we naturally fall back to the modern communications infrastructure brought to us in large part by the innovating forces of 
\f2\i capitalism
\f1\i0 !\
\
This ends Part 1. Now we make a deeper dive into more about how the universal piece computer works.
\f0\b Part 2 - Main Course\

\f1\b0 \
The next several chapters are the main course of this learning program.\
\
Here we will take the time we need to explore the center-point of this text. That is, the universal piece computer, world piece computers, what they do, how they work, and how they interact with each other.\
\
Much of this can become confusing or overwhelming at times, especially with all the 'peace this' and 'peace that\'92s' flying around. My advice if this happen to you is to treat this section like a theoretical physicist treats new concepts: sometimes when you really don't understand what is being said in a particular page or equation, you should just carry on reading. Carrying on, the broader meaning depicted will usually emerge, allowing you the opportunity to double back and revisit that confusing part you read past.\
\
I also encourage you to write things and speak things aloud as you go. Flexing the motor cortex to learn new things goes a long way.\
\
Finally, try to keep the following motivating questions in the back of your head while you read: What would my personal world piece computer look like? What would my community's world piece computer look like? What would my aspect of the universal piece process look like? What would the universal piece computer as a whole look like?\
\
Let's carry on.
\f0\b 2-1 Computer Riff\

\f1\b0 \
The main course (this part) is all about computers. Before we can talk in depth about the universal piece computer and world piece computers, we set things up by riffing on computers as we know them today. In subsequent sections we will work in reverse spanning from the simple 'world piece', working out way up to the complexities of the universal piece computer. Concluding all this will be several sections on how to apply the learnings in this part.\
\
So, these days when people hear the noun 'computer' they almost all think only of an electronic slab of silicon, a glowing colorful window to look inside, a board with lots of little keys to select symbols from, and maybe a little thing shaped like a mouse to point at stuff. Inside the computer you know are programs, some of them the computer uses for its own things, and some of them are applications for you to use. Sometimes the computer is big and needs a desk to live on, sometimes it is smaller and needs a lap to live on, and sometimes it is tiny and needs a pocket to live in. Finally, for various reasons we can get into maybe later, a large number of people sincerely dislike everything about computers.\
\
That's the modern computer. This kind of computer I will from hereon refer to as an 'electronic computer in the Von Neumann load-store architecture', 'electronic computer', or \'91classical computer\'92 for short.\
\
There are some of us who are more in the know. We are the ones who hear 'computer' and think 'device that manipulates signals and symbols'. Without stretching too much at first, we can immediately extend the notion of electronic computer beyond consumer versions. This may be up in scale such as massive high throughput supercomputers that fill entire buildings, or it may be down in scale such as embedded computers small enough to fit need tweezers to handle. All these electronic computers are 
\f2\i digital
\f1\i0  meaning the symbols they manipulate are binary '1' and '0', and they use sampling to convert between analog signals and digital bits. For these computers, \
\
Speaking of analog, a more obscure (older mainly) form of electronic computer is the analog computer. For these computers, the signal they manipulate is the input which is modified intact to model and control systems (in most part). The symbols that analog computers manipulate are literally the symbolic quantities of math equations. Unlike a digital electronic computer that usually has a keyboard, an analog computer only has the signal input. The programming then, is the circuit and passive electrical components themselves that are 'plugged in' by different ways and the input signal travels through. The result is a computer that can solve systems of differential equations, integrate terms, and even perform automatic controls for dynamic systems (for those in the know).\
\
Still though computers are not some new concept.  The idea to create a machine, then program it to take inputs, process symbols, then generate outputs accordingly, it's really quite old.\
\
The very first electronic computers were arguably more mechanical than electronic. During world war one, Alan Turing and their team created an electro-mechanical computer made out of servos and gears to perform the intensive calculations needed to break the Nazi Enigma encryption codes, thus giving Allied powers an upper hand with intelligence in the war. This computer was digital.\
\
Meanwhile, at Los Alamos, physicists were furiously working on the nuclear bomb, a certain force multiplier for whichever side won the creation (destruction) race. These physicists used analog computers to run the mathematical simulations they needed to produce a viable design. Instead of having to create many slightly different versions of the atomic bomb and test them all to see which works best (impossible actually, due to cost of plutonium) they were able to simulate designs first, and only 
\f2\i then
\f1\i0  test the design with the best simulation results.\
\
In both cases, primitive electronic computers saved on resources that simply were not available at the time. Alan Turing probably could have accomplished the same results by recruiting an army of 10,000 people to run calculations by hand (though in parallel), but those people would be impossible to recruit and synchronize effectively.\
Likewise, the scientists at Los Alamos saved countless time and avoided the not-enough-plutonium show-stopper. These cases marked the modern age of computation, and since then, any time somebody bumps into an intractable problem in engineering, mathematics, or science, a new computer is born.\
\
Electronic computers work overall because with electricity we can do things with waves and wiggle or switch stuff fast.\
\
The digital computer generally takes time from the input to output to perform all the binary arithmetic needed to manipulate symbols by storing as bits in memory first (buffers), loading those bit into a device that flips and shifts those bits on and off really fast, then outputs the result by storing into memory again. This process goes by as fast as we can turn bits on and off, and takes as long as it takes to do all the loading, flipping, and storing for the input operation. This means there is a delay (or 
\f2\i latency
\f1\i0 ) for anything done with a digital computer. Fortunately, we can turn bits on and off absurdly fast now (billions of times per second) for to us the delay is negligible. \
\
The analog computer on the other hand works by doing stuff with waves instead of bits, by exploiting a general mathematical property called 
\f2\i linearity
\f1\i0 . These computers take an input in form of a complex wave signal (the decomposition into sine and cosine terms are the symbols) and modifies the input wave signal producing an output in real time. (Actually, as these are lump-parameter systems, the speed of electromagnetic light is negligible, thus the processing delay in an analog computer is approximately the speed in a coaxial cable which is ~2/3 the speed of light in a vacuum.) When solving systems of equations, sometimes it takes time for the solution to 'settle', but in general the analog computer produces output instantaneously.\
\
So electronics give us speed and volume when it comes to manipulating signals and symbols computationally.\
\
Before electricity there were still computers, but they were strictly mechanical, non electronic. These computers still gave their users an advantage in time (and accuracy). Decades before electronics, there was a mon named Charles Babbage, and a woman named Ada Lovelace. Over the course of years, Babbage invented what was called the 
\f2\i difference engine
\f1\i0 , a programmable machine that did general arithmetic. Ada Lovelace in concert with Babbage wrote programs that told the difference engine how to operate and propagate inputs. (The difference engine took numbers on cogs as inputs, cards with holes as programs, and output numbers on cogs.) In this case, the symbols are the arithmetic operators, and the decimal numbers. Unfortunately for them, the cost of hardware and gears was too much and disincentivized investment and adoption. Nonetheless, this was the last mechanical non electronic computer before the electronic age.\
\
Even earlier, a non electronic computer was invented by a textile merchant named Joseph-Marie Jacquard. This computer was a programmable attachment to standard looms at the time. To use the computer, a weaver would insert a card with punched holes indicating instructions, and the loom would automatically weave the pattern. Yet again, this non electronic computer allowed textile manufacturers to produce patterned textiles between 10x and 50x faster than the traditional loom alone (and with fewer errors). This computer's inputs were thread stock, and the output an intricate pattern woven into fabric. The signals were the various tensions and positions of the apparatus in a moment, and the symbols were the punch-hole encodings of desired patterns. This was such a big deal at the time that Jacquard became filthy rich because of it.\
\
Finally, it won't hurt to travel back to ancient times. The Romans and Greeks had a way with innovation. These examples I still consider computers, but this position is much more debatable from a modern perspective:\
\
Another example of a mechanical computer was the steam powered player organ (persisting to this day, also as a player piano). The player organ  took in steam to power the pipes, and minimal control (pedal stuff) from a user. To run the computer, a program in the form of a tape with holes punched in it was fed into it. The output was a nice song and the symbols manipulated were the musical notes played. For the Romans, it was a lot easier and cleaner to ditch the musicians and have a slave run the player organ. The benefit was perfection and consistent attendance. In any case, the player organ is similar to a music box, but the little nubs that play the song are programmable (and holes, actually).\
\
Finally, we have to talk about the Greeks. The Greeks were responsible for creating the oldest analog computer that we know of. This is now called the Antikythera Mechanism, found in a shipwreck and recently digitally reconstructed. This computer was a mechanical contraption of gears and dials that took an input in the form of celestial body positions, producing an output predicting the future positions of those bodies (our solar system and key stars). The symbols in this example were orbits and positions.\
\
There are certainly many more examples that I am unaware of, but the point should be clear: in a general sense (not in the modern 'electronic computer' sense) computers have been around for a very long time.\
\
~\
\
An important trend emerged in the 20th century regarding the evolution of computers. Computers always seem to start with special purpose, then move to a general purpose form once the special purpose form has demonstrated that it can solve the hardest problems. This observation was pointed out by Richard Hamming of Bell Laboratories. What this means for us is that our daily-use general electronic computers with Word and Outlook and minesweeper only came to be due to much more difficult problems serving as the 'test subjects' for the electronic computer.\
\
In the context of this computer project, this means that world piece computers will be difficult to use, before they get easy. Adoption will not catch on until we can demonstrate that world piece computers 
\f2\i work
\f1\i0  for the most difficult cases. This theme will pop up here and there when we go over examples.\
\
The term 'general' must be addressed. Experts tend to call the modern electronic computer a 'general computer'. What this means is that the computer is fully programmable, and reprogrammable. Every aspect (nearly) of the computer's internal functionality is controlled by a plethora of different programmed software. We call some of these 'firmware', 'kernel', 'operating system', 'application'. (Firmware is the software that tells the hardware how to do its dirty work, and the kernel is software that let's us talk to the hardware from our operating system and applications.) With some exception to firmware, a general computer is special because every aspect of it's operation reprogrammable (assuming you know what you are doing, and also assuming you have the right permissions to reprogram). We can say that a general computer is 'software defined', and this exemplified by things like 'virtual computers (within a computer)' and 'cloud computing [?]'.\
\
Finally, there are many computer architectures. Outlined previously, many are analog or mechanical even. In the case of the general computer, we have what is called a load-store machine. This means that there is an input/output, there is a memory, and there is a processor that loads words from memory, performs bitwise operations on those words, then stores the result back in memory. This is known as the Von Neumann architecture and it can only process one thing at a time (though there are ways to hack this).\
\
Another computer architecture that is gaining importance is the 
\f2\i quantum computer
\f1\i0 , which compared to digital electronic computers is remarkably similar to classic analog electronic computers, and their modern digital counterparts. For one, a quantum computer manipulates symbols called 
\f2\i state variables
\f1\i0  instead of binary bits (although they still tend to make these state variables binary, giving them the name 
\f2\i qubits
\f1\i0 ). Instead of loading bits into a processor and flipping them one at a time, we instead assemble a system of variables that each represent something unique about the system. By quantum magic (system isolation in spacetime) this system becomes a 
\f2\i superposition
\f1\i0  of all possible states -- combinations -- of those variables. Superposition means that every possible way that the system could be found (the states) exists at the same time, like actually, physically.\
\
Because of super position, the first benefit of quantum computers is that we can handle more information at one time. [need to figure out the bits vs state variables capacity difference again] \
[come back to this]\
\
The next benefit is that quantum computers can generate a solution instantaneously, much like analog computers. [need to go deeper on this too]\
\
The reason I bring up quantum computers is that like I said earlier, these computers are good at solving large systems of equations. (Reminder, in algebra the word 'solve a system' means to find the values for all unknowns such that all the equations work plugging in those values.) By the fundamental theorem of algebra, systems of equations (at least well formulated ones) have one equation per unknown that needs to be solved. In each equation, there is also one term for each unknown. If we need to use a Von Neumann architecture to solve a large system of equations, then we essentially will need to approach the solution by checking things one-by-one (for the most part, brute force at least). For large systems the number of things to check is so large that it just takes too long to brute force a solution, even with computers operating at billions of cycles per second.\
\
Again as mentioned in Part 1, one of the most common motivations for solving a system of equations is that we use these systems to solve optimization problems. In crude terms, an optimization problem is when we take a list of unknowns and ask, "what are the unknown values that give me the most or the least of some outcome?" If we were talking about a factory, an optimization problem could be, "given all my input materials, their quantity and their cost, what is the perfect combination of the different widgets I make that will maximize my profits?" Optimizations are actually very difficult problems, so much so that we have been relying on computers to help out for decades now.\
\
So if talking about global peace, we are easily talking about more unknown quantities than we have time to count aloud. The only viable option for solving optimization problems so large will be to rely on quantum computation. This is why there is so much interest in being first to market with quantum computers. As electronic computers are practical for personal day-to-day work, quantum computers will probably be much less so for that. Instead, quantum computers will operate in hubs where data happens to converge, or isolated facilities dedicated to solving hard computational problems. Maybe I'll have one in my living room to optimize my stuff, for fun (or profit?)\
\
The computer architecture capable of running the universal piece is neither an electronic computer -- analog or digital -- nor is it a quantum computer. However, this does not mean that the piece-based computer architecture will not make heavy uses of the two preexisting architectures. As it happens, the universal piece architecture takes computer generality to an extreme, which will talk about in depth in the next section. \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 2-2 \
Computer Architecture\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
This is a big chapter. Here we discuss the overall shape and quality that characterizes the universal piece computer and world piece computers. If the last section helped make you more receptive to the scope and subtleties that surround your preconceptions of 'computer', then you should have an easier time understanding this section. The architecture described here is extremely different, essentially foreign to what you know about computers in a general or technical sense. It's okay if you don't understand at first, it took me a while to get there too.\
\
This computer architecture must be thought of as all the world piece elements forming a whole, being the universal piece computer. The architecture is fractal, and applies equally to both individual elements and the whole at large. In fact, an accurate technical name for the architecture of the universal piece as a whole may very well be a 
\f2\i computational piece fractal
\f1\i0 .\
\
In the first section we'll start the lesson by talking about the generality of stuff in the context of computers. We will then work to understand why this generality is needed, and what it looks like in practice. We will talk about the critical role of the Human brain. This will involve reflecting on quantum computation, Von Neumann computation, resolving with discussion about memory, pointer variables, and time.\
\
The next section will involve applying the above toward describing the structured relationship between the universal piece computer, world piece computers, and world pieces. This will involve defining the sole hierarchy between components, and describing how world piece computers nest and connect laterally. We will \
\
discover how the universal piece can be singular but in many places at once. We will also discover how a world piece computer connected to a world piece with fewer world pieces looks equivalent to the universal piece computer (is, in fact). We finish this section by addressing the primary difference between the universal piece computer and world piece computers: the Human brain.\
\
Finally we put the pieces of the architecture together. How does the architecture let us meld everything together? How do we generalize this architecture to be agnostic to which computer type we are referring to -- universal or world? We explore a little about the role of different embedded computer architectures present within, and talk about how the peace-based architecture may be seen as a hybrid of the quantum and Von Neumann architectures. We conclude by reviewing three simple yet essential components that define the universal piece computer and world piece computers in general.\
\
From here out, instead of saying 'the universal piece computer and world piece computers' every time, I will refer to the pair simply as 'piece computer'. Piece and peace are disambiguated by context, by articles 'a' (world) piece computer\
\
This section is where things start to get a little wild, so please approach what follows with an open mind.\
\
~ section 1\
\
\
\
~ section 2\
\
\
\
~ section 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 2-2.1 A reflection on computers\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Classical computers work with bits -- ones and zeros that represent information in binary format. If a classical computer needs to manipulate the symbol 'the image of person', then it needs to input the single image somehow (a camera) and convert the entire thing into a huge string of bits. Once it has those bits, it can then manipulate the image by filtering or transforming certain bits to represent different color or size, for example. After computing the result, all those bits need to be converted back into a form that lets us see the altered image on a display.\
\
This is super inefficient, but we can get away with it usually by running fast processor cycles, or by introducing a GPU, graphics processing unit to process bits in parallel. The reality is that bits aren't a very natural representation of things, unless we are representing existence, events, or switches, etc. The reality is that the things that matter to humans reach beyond physicality to stretch in concepts, ideas, qualities, people, etc.\
\
Now, to say that computers compute 'stuff' is essentially to say that they can work with objects and things. This is not what computers compute. Computers compute bits. The stuff people are thinking of is actually the signal from a thing, which the computer has to sample at the end of a bunch of wires in order to get bits to start processing at all. So the process goes, computer works with bits to get a thing's signal from an input device so that it looks like bits instead of the thing's actual appearance. Then computer does things to the bits to alter the overall collection that represents the thing. Finally computer works with bits to get them so that an output device can project them in a way that recreates the signal (image in this case) of the thing.\
\
This is a lot of extra work. The reason we have to do this is because modern Von Neumann style processors only work on small strings of bits at a time (called 
\f2\i words
\f1\i0 ). A thing must be broken into little bits (literally) before if can we worked on, one little bit at a time. Modern GPUs are a step improved from this direction. A GPU has many little Von Neumann processors arranged in a grid. Instead of bits going through one word at a time, the GPU processes a grid of words in one single process cycle. This is more efficient, but still bits need to be prepared properly before they can be fed into a GPU.\
\
As for 
\f2\i why 
\f1\i0 this is the fact with classical computers, all of the electronics used by digital computers use 
\f2\i wires
\f1\i0 . A wire is a line of metal that conducts electricity. Digital computers rely on a concept called 
\f2\i repeaters 
\f1\i0  to send bits down a wire. A repeater is a way to catch bits coming in from one wire, and send the same bits down another wire. It works by sampling the bits at the end of a wire. (The bits are in the form of a signal again because the switch that creates the bits is not ideal, as in it doesn't click on and off instantaneously, so there is a little slop in the bits.) Bits sampled at the end of the wire are fed into a buffer (thing that stores information or bits temporarily). The buffer usually has logic that checks the incoming bits for errors, then once they are corrected automatically, the buffer is emptied into a transmitter that sends the bits along on the new wire. This process happens all the time in a computer.\
\
An object reflecting light towards a camera, for example, emits a plane wave. The camera though, has to use a bunch of wires arranged in a grid if it wants to sample the whole plane wave simultaneously. This is inefficient. An example of an efficient (but not practical) way of manipulating an image is to set an object in front of an optical device, say it's a convex lens, and position yourself on the other side. The image looks larger, and it did this without turning the input image into bits first. If you wanted to capture this image into a non-digital memory, you can simply take a picture of the image with a polaroid camera. A modern computer could do this obviously, just the only difference is that instead of a lens to compute, you have a 'size' option in your image editing application, and the option tells your processor to process the bits in a way that makes the image look larger when you see it on the screen. Practical, but relatively inefficient.\
\
Yeah bits are a pain when everything is a bit. Bits are also too hard to manage when we are working with many complicated objects. For these cases, one usually needs extremely expensive computers to be able to simulate (or model) complex objects in physical or state space. For large simulations, modern computers are bad. This is largely why we are interested in quantum computers.\
\
Quantum computers still use bits, just in a different way. Bits in quantum computers are called qubits. If we have 3 qubits in a quantum computers, then this is equivalent to 8 regular bits in a modern computer. 4 qubits is 16 bits, n qubits = 2^n bits. The properly described workings of a quantum computer are 
\f2\i hard
\f1\i0  to wrap one\'92s head around (in other words, you need to know advanced linear algebra, partial differential equations,  information theory, quantum mechanics, and some computer science). Maybe I will put some stuff in later that is me handwaving abracadabra the way this stuff works, but for now take it for granted that quantum computers do fancy stuff with qubits and qubits are fancy because they can be a 1 and a 0 at the same time. (right?)\
\
Where quantum computation gets difficult (beyond just understanding it, is the cost and hassle of setting up qubits. Qubits today are the size of atoms, but they need equipment the size of large vans to run them. Because of how cold a qubit needs to be to function properly (basically 0K, or zero any temperature), and because the optics and electronics required to program is so delicate and expensive, it is unlikely that quantum computers will be household devices for a long time.\
\
~\
\
Those were the downsides of modern computers, but that is not to poopoo them. Modern computers make everything about your exceedingly affluent lifestyle possible. (Yes, you live an exceedingly affluent life because you have access to a digital book reader or money enough to pay for a hardcopy.) Modern computers are wicked fast, and their results are 
\f2\i strictly
\f1\i0  reliable (only as good as the Human that runs it), and they can load and store information from memory 
\f2\i as many times as we want.
\f1\i0 \
\
Quantum computers are still too young to have any 
\f2\i immediate
\f1\i0  big applications beyond proof-of-concept \'91computational pilot studies\'92. (This is assuming government entities have not already started using quantum compute to crack the secret encryption keys of malicious agents or nation states, a very real possibility.) As alluded before however, the primary benefit of a quantum computer is that it will be able to compute 
\f2\i many many things at the same time
\f1\i0 . This will be necessary for any complex simulation or optimization problem. With classical computers, as the number of things we need to keep track of increases constantly, the size of a computer we need to track those things increases 
\f2\i fast
\f1\i0 . Again the beauty of quantum compute is that its particular approach to representing variable quantities makes it possible to perform many calculations at once, whereas a classical computer must perform one calculation at a time.\
\
Another simulation example that quantum computers 
\f2\i might
\f1\i0  be able to help with in the future are 
\f2\i physical simulations
\f1\i0  (at least replacing them with quantum simulations). Sometimes computers just suck so much that we build a tiny thing of the thing we are trying to simulate, and we put that thing in a chamber that is similar to how it will be in real life, then we subject the tiny thing to the stuff it will see in real life. We record the results and boom, another valuable simulation complete. The amount of computer resource to perform such a simulation alone in these cases is so large or costly that we are better off with this analog simulation. Examples of this are, a wind tunnel (cameras watch smoke blow around a wing being simulated in reduced scale, and Humans watch that video to draw their conclusions). Another example is the northern lights simulator. Plasma physicists recognized the cost of simulation (Usim and Vsim are 
\f2\i very
\f1\i0  expensive), so they created a vacuum chamber with a mock planet and sun electrode to generate plasma that would fall into the planet similar to the northern lights. Scientists at NASA used this device to predict that the aurora borealis on Mars is blue and ultraviolet. They did this by filling the simulator with the gas composition of Mars known by spectral analysis from satellites. This blue ultraviolet prediction was verified by satellite, but nobody would have thought to look had not the analog plasma simulator generated the result it did. It may be that digital quantum computers just get good enough to simulate the real thing, or that they get good enough to simulate small toy models.\
\
When it comes down to day-to-day however, we still love our classical computers. I do. In the future, when we want to draft a text document, we will NOT bust out a quantum computer to do so. Likewise, if piece computers take hold, you will NOT use your world piece computer to type stuff and press send or print. This will, alas, still be that obnoxious classical computer that restarts on you randomly in the middle of that ultra important thing you were doing. No, a piece computer rather, will incorporate a classical computer into its construction. Your world piece computer may suggest you need to write a letter to somebody, but it will direct you to your nearest classical computer so that you may do such a thing efficiently. Perhaps your world piece computer will be the thing that ensures you write that letter 
\f2\i effectively
\f1\i0 .\
\
Whatever the case, to get back to our problem (solving global peace), quantum computation should subserve our deepest needs. As modern quantum computers go, their digital approach to optimization, simulation, and brute force mathematical problem solving will go farthest. But it is still digital. Whether you like it or not, besides on/off, happy/sad, white/black, etc, your world is analog and continuous. (My social science brain wonders if the advent of our digital age has contributed to the polarization of our cultures of late.)\
\
~\
\
Okay, so the limiting factor between both classical and quantum computers is that they are digital by design (we don\'92t yet have analog quantum computers but hopefully this book will help change that). The digital nature means that for most parts, we have to convert our entire world (analog) into digital format. If you ask me to take a system of 1000 equations and optimize for X, I likely won\'92t be able to do it. The number of mathematical operations this will take will probably take longer than the age of the universe to perform. I need something more efficient. Even a quantum computer though, with 1000 continuous variables, it may be impossible to slam through the computation given the current binary approach we use today.\
\
In short, I am all about keeping things the way they are, and using them in place.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 General stuff\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
So let\'92s be clear about terminology, because in this book, 
\f2\i stuff
\f1\i0  is an extremely technical term. I do stuff; true. Stuff exists; true. I like stuff; very true. Stuff is everywhere; indubitably true.\
\
Here\'92s where we might get hung up, so I preempt it. In this book, 
\f2\i stuff
\f1\i0  means 
\f2\i anything
\f1\i0 . For example, when we say, \'91I think about stuff\'92, it does not mean, \'91I only think about physical objects.\'92 The way most people usually mean stuff (according to the language they use) is that stuff means both 
\f2\i physical 
\f1\i0 and 
\f2\i non-physical 
\f1\i0 things. Billiard balls and people and chairs and planets are stuff. So are colors and ideas and concepts and emotions (I feel stuff).\
\
Stuff is so wildly important that I am perpetually amazed by how few physicists preoccupy their time studying generalized stuff. This is, in huge part, what this entire thesis and program is about. If we can 
\f2\i somehow
\f1\i0  formulate a physical theory of reality that accurately describes and predicts the behavior of stuff, then we will be well on our way to solving our hard-hard problems.\
\
We\'92ll skip the theory stuff for now (we will spend nearly a hundred pages on it later, not including the companion textbook). For now we just care about stuff in the context of computers. Classical computers compute 
\f2\i stuff
\f1\i0  but stuff that is represented in the form of bits and bytes (a byte is an 8 bit word). We want to compute 
\f2\i stuff
\f1\i0 . Ultimately we don\'92t care about bits; we just care that the stuff is being computed. The moment it turns out that bits are too costly for this, we are done until we invent a new kind of computer. As it turns out, we are pretty much done (unless all you care about in this world is keeping your Outlook up to date, making out Excel spreadsheets board-room ready, and getting those Word documents so nicely WSIWYG that academics go belly up nuts).\
\
To reiterate. The reality is that representing and manipulating stuff in binary is NOT possible when it comes to truly big data and large sets of complex objects (not big data by big compute wonks, talking big data on the cosmic order). If you ask me to compute the final location of the 8-ball after first strike on a triangle of billiard balls, I could probably do that for you if I had a powerful enough computer. But if you asked me to compute the final location of a big bouncy-ball in place of the 8-ball, with jacks and a rowdy littler Terrier that nudges things around as they move, forget the computation, it will  not work.\
\
I\'92m saying a classical or quantum computer won\'92t help with the Terrier bouncy-ball jacks problem. This is mainly because we can\'92t properly model a Terrier. We can probably model the bouncy-ball, jacks, and billiard balls well enough, but not the conscious agent. In any case, an adequate model will be computationally intensive to the extent that is will not be possible to run a simulation with a classical or quantum computer.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Stuff is anything/everything conceivable. This is the definition of stuff that we will adhere to in this book.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 So reiterating the motivation: computers manipulate stuff. In particular, computers take stuff, create a representation of that stuff using bits of some sort, then they use those representations to calculate results from the input of those two stuffs, creating an output.\
\
Let\'92s go back to piece computer now. The world or universal piece computers involve taking a multitude of things \'96 stuff \'96 within a single person or community\'92s world, and building a computer which is capable of computing that stuff. Because the stuff that means the most is so incredibly hard to model with a computer \'96 even quantum computers once they have matured \'96 we will need to devise a new way to compute that stuff. We will need to take the stuff we know now, then try to convert it into a standardized form that experiments in the future can replicate and probe.\
\
Why piece computers?\
\
The reason behind fixating on pieces and stuff should begin to click in the context of the above. The conclusion of section one of this chapter should have made it clear: to solve problems with truly big data, modern computers are inadequate, thus if we are to have any hope gaining traction with those problems we must invent a special purpose computer. (This is the general piece computer.)\
\
First though, let us remind ourselves why, specifically, we need to invent a new computer that\'92s all about peace as a process an a bunch of pieces.\
\
Humans have a lot of massive problems. Solving these problems first demands unity and solidarity, which some argue is the biggest hard problem of them all. This is why we invoke the need for global peace. Now all problems involve a whole lot of stuff. In general our big problems revolve around Humans and their multitude of worlds. We have a lot of stuff, and most of it has a direct impact on our well being and our ability to gain traction on our hard problems. So whatever computer we invent will have to be able to compute all that stuff, including the worlds themselves and the people within them.\
\
If stuff is a general term that means anything/everything (a singular concept), we should recognize that a 
\f2\i thing
\f1\i0  is one unit of stuff. When I say our worlds are full of stuff, I can easily rephrase this to say that our worlds have a lot of things in them. Again, thing in this case means one thing out of anything/everything, be it a tangible object, or an intangible thought or idea.\
\
At this point lets steal a trick from digital computers: lets treat every singular thing as a bit. Now, there are so many things that is would not make sense to consider them all. Instead, lets only consider things that are significant to the computational task of computing stuff to solve our hardest problems. And this is what that confusing choice of words is for: a 
\f2\i piece
\f1\i0  is any significant thing in a world, including the world itself. A world as a whole is what we call 
\f2\i world piece
\f1\i0 , and this includes the Human at the center of said world.\
\
Doubling back to the need for solving global peace, as alluded to it is quite obvious that the challenge of global peace will be in finding the optimal arrangement for all the world pieces and all the pieces.\
\
Thus the special computer we are inventing to solve that massive problem of global peace is aptly called a 
\f2\i piece computer
\f1\i0 . The piece computer discretizes stuff into things and pieces, and runs an optimization algorithm to computer the best arrangement of the pieces at the individual, local, or global scope. Again, the whole reason for inventing the general piece computer is because there are too many pieces, variables, degrees of freedom for a modern digital computer to convert everything to bits, process them Von Neumann style, then convert those bits back into pieces and action on those pieces. Likewise, digital quantum computers are inadequate for this task, too (though they will certainly be a piece within a world/the universal piece computer.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 The physical cost of computation\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Back to bashing on modern digital computers: not only are massive problems too hard for the Von Neumann processor, but the cost of hardware is prohibitive. For a massive computational problem in a digital computer, every input of pieces that get converted into bits for processing demands the computer have enough memory for all the bits. If we are attempting to compute the dynamics of pieces embedded in our surrounding reality, we will find that there is so much data involved that we won\'92t be able to afford the memory, nor the physical space to store it. Likewise our processor. We may try to optimize our bit processing by stringing a bunch of graphics processing units to make our computation massively parallel. Even this however, is limited by the space those GPUs occupy, plus the immense amount of energy required to power and cool the digital system. Especially from the perspective of global warming and emissions, modern digital computers are simply unsuited for massive problems because hardware is too expensive\'97hardware being the physical stuff that actually makes a computer and enables it to do what it does.\
\
So as it stands, our piece computer has a memory and processor problem. How do we avoid the pitfalls of the modern digital computer? Let\'92s first talk about something called 
\f2\i pointers
\f1\i0  or 
\f2\i references
\f1\i0  from the world of computer science and engineering.\
\
Any novice programmer taking a course in C (a software language) will face something called a 
\f2\i pointer
\f1\i0 , and these so called pointers will cause them a lot of grief. But it need not be so painful, so I will teach you about pointers real quick so you have a leg up on the novice programmer. Lesson one: pointers / references are arguably on of the most important concepts surrounding digital computers today.\
\
Lesson two: pointers are important because they make it so that inside a digital computer we do not have to copy the entire memory of file or chunk of data (big chunk of bits) every time we want to do something with that file or data. Pointers allow us to move bits around, without actually moving them. This nature of the pointer achieves two things. First, the processor is freed up to do more important bit processing than moving bits all over the place like it would need to do in a world without pointers. Second, precious memory is freed up because we can refer to data instead of copying it, or having to move it to faster memory like RAM or cache.\
\
If it isn\'92t clear already, a pointer or a reference is just that\'97it is basically like a street sign, or a house address. \'91Downtown\'92 is downtown, but a few miles away, instead of having to copy downtown at say, the intersection, we use a much more compact sign instead, with a word that uniquely identifies the actual location. Likewise, if I sell my house to somebody, it would be absurd to try moving it 
\f2\i to
\f1\i0  them. Instead, we have a special type of pointer called a 
\f2\i title
\f1\i0  that points to the house via an address. When I make the sale, I pass the title pointer to the next owner, and this is much more efficient (and cost effective) than moving the thing. In computers then, when writing code that instructs the processor what to do with all its bits, we continuously use pointers. I may declare one pointer that points to a large file. Now, every time I want to access the file, instead of copying the file to a variable on my computer\'92s \'91workbench\'92, I use the pointer to tell my program where the file is, and from there I can access one line at a time if I wish, not the whole thing.\
\
Thus the overarching lesson of pointers? Whenever possible, leave things in place, and 
\f2\i refer
\f1\i0  or 
\f2\i point 
\f1\i0 instead. Whenever possible, don\'92t copy a thing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 As an interesting aside, in the 70s or 80s [?] Xerox played a role funding and steering the development of the internet we know today. Computer scientists and engineers developing the protocols of the world wide web were faced with the question of \'91do we allow copying files on the internet?\'92 Obviously, it would be absurd to copy files every time you wanted to access one. After all, this was a computer network, with an address space, and it is0 completely possible to access documents without needing to copy them (you just have to know the address\'97its pointer. As it turned out, this ideal course fell as direct conflicting interest with their large funder\'97Xerox. Recall, Xerox is kind of big on the copy machine scene. Surely those computer scientists and engineers didn\'92t build copy/paste into the early internet just because they didn\'92t want to alienate their funder\'85\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Now veering 
\f2\i away
\f1\i0  from digital computers and back to pieces, me must recognize that many pieces\'97significant things\'97will live in the past, the future, or out of sight. The past piecers are what we call 
\f2\i memories
\f1\i0 , the future pieces are what we call 
\f2\i dreams
\f1\i0  or 
\f2\i visions
\f1\i0 , and pieces out of sight are what we call 
\f2\i away. 
\f1\i0 For these pieces, we have myriad different pointers to refer to them. Memories have have pictures that point back to them, or it may be an old song, or a memento. Dreams and vision may be pointed to via some sort of token that serves as a reminder, or art, or a mind-map. Pieces away may be pointed to by something like a wedding ring, or a set of keys, or a phone number, etc.\
\
Pointers permeate our reality.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Human brain\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 All the preceding leaves us in a position to answer the question of 
\f2\i how
\f1\i0  do we invent our piece computer such that we avoid the pitfalls digital and quantum computers  have when it comes to approaching massive computational problems. How do we solve the hardware problem\'97memory, processor, and power?\
\
If it isn\'92t already obvious, it will be now. We need to build the Human brain into the piece computer architecture.\
\
Stay with me! Don\'92t shut the book now! Ok quick brain lesson. Our brains are wildly efficient. Moreover, the amount of information we process in any given moment is staggering. (One figure I bumped into back studying neuroscience was that the data rate due to neuronal activity across the corpus callosum is something like zetabytes per second. Further, the brain achieves data rates on these orders by consuming tens of milliwatts. Compare this to the zetawatts [?] our internet network consumes. Big difference.)\
\
Even more interesting is the mind. All someone\'92s pieces (known to them, as some pieces may be unknown) have a pointer representation in the brain. When I remember a memory, my experience of the memory serves as a pointer back to my experience of the original event. When I dream of the future, or think about something I am about to do, my brain\'92s inner experience serves as a pointer to that future moment. Every piece I know about in my world has a reference or pointers\'97a 
\f2\i representation
\f1\i0 \'97in my headspace. Lets call these 
\f2\i internal pointers
\f1\i0 . What happens when I forget about a piece in my world? In this case, I need a reminder. This may be the trivial reminder, where encountering the actual piece is enough to remind me of the piece. This may also be a pointer reminder, where an 
\f2\i external pointer
\f1\i0  (like a memento) triggers the internal pointer of a memory that points to the past.\
\
Our challenge generally is to keep track of all the pieces, past, present, future, imaginary, etc. By building the Human brain into the piece computer, we incorporate an object capable of managing countless pointers, memory of staggering complexity, in the form of external pointers to trigger memories, and internal pointers that capture just the essence of some past, present, future, or imaginary experience. The object is highly efficient, and massively parallel.\
\
The Human brain by definition is the center of a given Human\'92s world. The remaining big question is, \'91how does the brain actually do the computing?\'92 Yes, in order to solve the piece optimization problem (to accomplish individual peace, in the case of a single Human) we need the computer\'97and the brain\'97to actually do something. Whatever it does, to keep the architecture simple, we define only a single process (called the universal piece). This process is a 
\f2\i way
\f1\i0  for approaching the optimization problem, and acting on results.\
\
Ok we have a brain to manage process, pointers and memory. Interestingly, this process manipulates a complex kind of  bit that we are calling  a piece. (In  terms that a computer engineer or scientist will understand, we have 
\f2\i overloaded
\f1\i0  the bit symbol, but the actual algebra defining the overloaded bits\'92 behavior  will be covered later.) \
\
Even more interestingly, and related to bits and pieces, is the quantum nature of the Human brain.  This is not to suggest that the brain is an actual quantum mechanical system (well, it probably is, but nobody has definitively determined [?] just how quantum the brain actually is. The brain is quantum in that is is capable of superimposing states, and in that it continuously quantizes that  surrounding environment.\
\
At the root of things, a piece is only a piece in the context of a conscious being. Before a brain picks through the surrounding landscape and picks out objects (quantizes), the surroundings\'97all the matter and energy\'97are really most like a fuzzy blob of stuff.  Discriminating the blob, all the surrounding stuff self-interacts, quantizing itself into things. The things are still amorphous blog, but when a conscious observer observes this thing-blob, it immediately manifests significant pieces out of nothing. We will talk in depth on this later.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 On the thing-blob, from a universal perspective every thing is significant (this is a stipulation). The reason the thing-blob is a blob (and the stuff blob prior to differentiation) is that physical boundaries are only really apparent. The reason we \'91see\'92 objects is that the visible wavelength of light is just the right length that light interacts with things that surround us. The  reason we \'91feel\'92 objects is that the electrostatic force of the atoms in our skin repels the object. The reality is that our skin and that object never actually touch, and there is actually a ton of open deadspace between the atoms that make up that solid thing you\'92re looking at. If we try to use a visible light microscope to  view a cell, we can, but if we try to zoom in too much further, the image stops resolving and boundaries look fuzzy. However, if I make the wavelength of the \'91light\'92 in my microscope very-very small (an electron beam in an electron microscope for example) then I can actually see atoms! Even this though, is apparent. Again, the reality is that the electrons that give the atom its size have no size, and they are only defining the atom\'92s size in terms of quantum mechanical probabilities, a fuzzy and boundary-less  shape. An exception to all this may be Pauli's exclusion principle.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Tying everything together, a piece computer is built out of a Human brain, plus all the pieces within that world. Some of the pieces are just data, or a pointer. Many pieces however directly assist in the world piece optimization problem.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 2-2.2 Triarchic  Hierarchy\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
To recap, we define a piece computer as a Human brain and all significant things\'97pieces\'97in that Human\'92s world, running an optimization process to compute the best configuration of said pieces. We shall call the piece computer architecture a 
\f2\i general stuff computer
\f1\i0 . \
\
Keeping things as simple as possible, there is only one kind of piece computer. As we concluded earlier, global peace in general has three scopes: global, local, and individual. We need to figure out a way to discern between these three scopes, creating piece computers for the three scopes, and then allowing for nesting and overlapping worlds.\
\
Again, these three scopes correspond with three levels of peace: global peace, local peace, and individual peace. These three types of peace refer to treating peace as a process within the three types of world scopes. An additional form of peace is what we called 
\f2\i inner peace
\f1\i0 , where inner peace is to treat peace as a product of the optimization peace process. Inner peace is what people say when they mean, \'91I feel tranquil/ calm/ content/ satisfied/ etc.\'92 The better the quality of global, local, and individual peace, the more inner peace experienced by participants in the peace process.\
\
Before we get too much further, we need to name the different types of pieces, and the different types of piece computers.  At the global level, there is only one piece, which is the optimization peace process itself.  This piece is called 
\f2\i the universal piece
\f1\i0 . The special quality of the universal peace is that it permeates all worlds\'97global, local, and individual. On the individual level, a world contains pieces and world pieces. A world piece is an entire Human world, be it individual, or local. On the local level, a world contains strictly world pieces. Any pieces that a local world might manipulate belong to the individual worlds that the local world consists of.\
\
Now, the universal piece, permeating all worlds is the computational peace process which is maintained by a piece computer. In the global scope, there is only one piece computer. This is what we call 
\f2\i the universal piece computer.
\f1\i0  In the local and individual scopes, these piece computers are what we call 
\f2\i world piece computers
\f1\i0 . World piece computers are 
\f2\i plural
\f1\i0 ,, as there is one computer per distinct world that subscribes to the universal piece. The universal piece computer on the other hand is 
\f2\i singular
\f1\i0  as there is only one. Both world piece computers and the universal piece computer are responsible for maintaining the universal piece process. Within a world, its world piece computer maintains the facet of the universal piece that is most relevant to that world\'92s peace process needs (ie, the individual needs for inner peace). Above worlds, the universal piece computer maintains the universal piece process, which at the global scope means coordinating and integrating all the individual and local worlds\'92 universal piece facets. Further, the universal piece computer has the effect of maintaining communication channels and facilitating social mobility between worlds.\
\
This leads us to the triarchy that makes it possible to nest as many worlds as we wish (and indeed do), while creating the final generalization of our piece computer. The components of the triarchy are pieces, world piece computers, and the universal piece computerHere\'92s how it works. From the global perspective of the universal piece computer, there is nothing larger. There is just the universal piece. Looking down from the universal piece computer are world piece computers. These computers are either an individual and their world\'92s pieces, or it is a local collection of individuals and their world piece computers. From the perspective any given world piece computer, looking above is the universal piece computer\'97in all cases, be it individual or local. Looking below are world pieces. We will avoid using 
\f2\i piece
\f1\i0  alone and instead insist that every piece is actually an entire world on its own. Any world piece looks up to see a world piece computer that it belongs to.\
\
Looking laterally from the level of world pieces, everything is a world piece, including other world piece computers. Looking up, there is the collection of world piece computers for which that world piece is a member of. For simplicity\'92s sake, any world piece computers that a world piece is a part of may be consolidated and represented by a single world piece computer\'97a local world consisting of \'91all the world piece computers affiliated with world piece.\
\
Looking laterally from the perspective of a world piece computer, all world piece computers that do 
\f2\i not
\f1\i0  interact with said computer will look like a collection of world piece computers. All world piece computers that 
\f2\i do 
\f1\i0 belong to a world piece computer are seen below as world pieces. Zooming into such a world piece would reveal a world piece computer that may be its own local world, or it may just be an individual\'92s world. From either individual or local world piece computers, no matter how many world piece computers that computer may belong to, looking up always looks the same: the universal piece computer. If several world piece computers belong to the same local world piece computer, the view from below will be the relevant facet of the universal piece. Each world piece computer below will assume responsibility for maintaining a subfacet of the universal piece process facet maintained by the larger world piece computer.\
\
Returning to the universal piece computer, looking laterally all this computer sees is itself.\
\
To recap, we have four scopes (global, local, individual, inner), and three levels of the general piece computer (universal piece computer, world piece computer, world piece). The solution that the universal piece generates for the optimal global configuration of pieces is 
\f2\i global peace
\f1\i0 , the 
\f2\i product
\f1\i0  of the universal piece process. The global peace solution propagates downward via world piece computers, and depending on the goodness of the solution, a collection of individuals will experience 
\f2\i inner peace
\f1\i0 , which is the product of world piece computers maintaining their particular aspect of the universal piece process. The universal piece process is maintained by both the universal piece computer and world piece computers. The product of the universal piece computer is global peace, while the product of world piece computers is inner peace.\
\
And so, the general piece computer as a whole, is the integration of three parts: world pieces are embedded within a world piece computer (which again, may consist of several world piece computers) which is further embedded within the universal piece computer.  ((world pieces)1, (world pieces)2, \'85) >>> (world piece computers) >>> the universal piece computer. The entire global peace system apparatus is simply the sum of all general piece computers. These computers network by joining into one on the global scope, forming inter-world piece computer connections laterally on the local scope, and integrating world pieces into world piece computers at the individual scope.\
\
Inner peace	  individual peace     local peace     global peace\
	        Wp                           wpc                    upc\
Product                    |-------    process  --------|	         product\
				      Up\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Differences between computer levels\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Because world piece computers\'97if serving as a component in a larger world piece computer\'97are equivalent to world pieces, lateral connections mean to connect to a neighboring world piece computer that does not share any overlapping facets of the universal piece. The primary purpose for lateral connections os to facilitate inter-world communication and mobility. These lateral connections are maintained by the universal piece computer and serve a \'91glue\'92 to adhere different world stacks to one another. Whereas being a world piece computer that is a part of a larger computer implies membership, partnership, teamwork, communicating between mutually exclusive worlds is primarily to facilitate knowledge exchange and consilience among worlds. Further, the universal piece computer serves to facilitate movement of individuals and groups between worlds, as part of the universal piece optimization process.\
\
There is one difference in particulate between world piece computers and the universal piece computer that bears mention. For an individual\'92s world piece computer, there is only one brain involved. For a local world piece computer, there are as many brains as there are other world piece computers that belong to the local computer. The universal piece computer on the other hand is the collection of all brains from all individual world piece computers. And to reiterate, every individual involved with maintaining an aspect of the universal piece contributes one brain to the universal piece computer.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Piece computer simply\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 A piece computer does one thing: it maintains a single process that is devoted to generating a solution to the massive optimization problem called global peace. There is only one process\'97the universal piece\'97although it changes appearance according to different worlds\'92 inner peace needs. So as an apparatus as a whole, we have defined a single super computer that runs a single process. Simple.\
\
That\'92s what a piece computer does, and what they do when networked into a single whole. To make this happen, a piece computer is made up of only three components. These are: piecespace (memory), piecebrain (processor), and pieceprocess (the universal piece). Piecespace is the surrounding environment and all the pointers and embedded world pieces within. Piecespace also includes the brain\'92s memory. Piecebrain is straightforward, as this is just the Human brain or collection of Human brains that make up a world and it\'92s piece computer. Finally, pieceprocess is the actual action required to maintain the appropriate facet of the universal piece.\
\
At this point, when we usually think about computers, sometimes peripheral devices come to mind. We need ways to interact with our world piece computers, but does not mean we need to declare a separate category of piece computer components. What we recognize is that any device that helps us interact with our world piece computers are also world pieces in themselves. The goal of introducing such world pieces it to enhance the piecebrain, manage piecespace, and interface with the universal piece. (Interface meaning, the garner feedback, query, apply the appropriate aspect of global peace, etc.)\
\
For example, one might expect to encounter a console in the near future that allows one to visualize the universal piece in real time, and maybe even go a step further to navigate and explore the process and the global peace solution in real time. This console world piece would generate insights into one\'92s peace process, and would be an enhancement to one\'92s piecespace and pieceprocess. Another likely component of a world piece computer will be a massive upgrade to the piecebrain in the form of artificial intelligence. If one were able to install enough world pieces capable of capturing numerous data streams from numerous significant world pieces, then one may train a neural net to interpret said data. Trained well enough, such a neural net will be capable of anticipating states and events according to the data streams, thus augmenting the insight and foresight of the individual\'92s piecebrain.}