{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Near-Future Piece: 13 PCE - Prototype: Piecebrain, actual intelligence.
\f1\b0 \
\
The net data stream\'97the sum of all individual data streams that were now collected by the Anchorage homeless world piece computer\'97was becoming immense. Computer science and engineering students at The University of Alaska, Anchorage had become deeply involved in creating algorithmic techniques to crawl and catalog and interpret this mounting source of data. Experts in machine learning and artificial intelligence started to crawl out of the woodwork. Some people even moved up to Alaska with the sole purpose of attaining their PhD in various {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://E7E8E23A-7343-48B3-90F6-7D8F678A0413"}}{\fldrslt big-data analytic}} techniques in the context of the novel social program. Alaska began to import sociologists and social workers for study and training on the integrating world piece computer system.\
As it turned out, curating this data became quite valuable. People wanted to pay the Anchorage homeless world piece computer for its data. This began the eventual trend of people using their personal and community world piece computers to harvest and sell their rightfully owned data to the highest bidders They were well on their way to building a Humanistic Information Economy.\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b \cf0 Somewhere in Anchorage, Alaska
\f1\i0\b0 \
Meanwhile in the piecebrain, it was a penthouse suite. On of the homeless piece computer's more charitable individuals decided that they no longer needed a fancy executive office and contributed the suite to the computer as a property asset piece.\
On one side of the building, windows facing the Chugach mountain frontrange. On the other side, windows facing the inlet. In between the sides, a wall of windows facing the city of Anchorage at large. The sun had set, and thermal energy from the daylight releasing from the asphalt and other thermal mass caused a vigorous shimmering in the city lights. On the back wall opposing the wall of windows was a wall of digital windows, flatscreen televisions and a few projectors, displaying windows into the warroom and various piece property assets throughout the city. All the old walls from conference rooms and cubicles had been removed. It was an open space, an internal wall separating the suite from the neighboring suite, with a U-shaped wall of glass providing the space with a continuous source of light.\
In the center space, were desks and tables, with a few half-height cubicle partitions designating this or that subspace within. It looked a lot like a maze, spaces between being just wide enough for a wheelchair to to fit. The maze corridors were arranged so that if an individual wished to visit a particular subspace in the maze, then they were forced to pass by check-in spaces on their way. If an individual wished to visit the actual intelligence center of the suite for example, they would have to pass by tables with various apparatus devoted to tracking ai pieces and a monitor or two displaying statistics about the most active actual intelligence algorithms running that moment.\
In the corner of the windows near the mountains, a group of three individuals stood speaking, looking at the windows. There was white dry erase written on the windows in orderly tables, a few equations, and one diagram, circular, what looked like a blob in a polar coordinate system. The white writing in the dark however, in order to keep from glaring on the windows, were illuminated by black lights mounted above. The white dry erase glowed neon yellow-white, a subtle additive fluorescing in the high frequency lighting. The three individuals eyes intent on the work, the conversation, the whites of their eyes glowing likewise in the black-lit window's impromptu dry erase surface.\
	"Appropriating aid pieces according to the Dena'ina Algorithm clearly transformed the computer's power supply into a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://CC951F4B-A372-4A6D-9DED-190EFDA2337C"}}{\fldrslt three-phase}} source."
\f3\i \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 	"Clearly. So the issue is that we have a resonant spike every three cycles. But what gives?"\
	"Really? It's pretty obvious. This creates a production signal in our homeless camp and shelter pieces, that, given production lag, renders a large portion of supplies out-of-sync with the actual spike in demand."\
	"See, before supply became three-phase, the production lag coincidentally coincided perfectly with the 
\f0\b next
\f1\b0  resonant spike."\
	"Oh ok. Our shit's out of sync."\
	"Yeah. Our shit's out of sync."
\f3\i \

\f1\i0 They were deliberating and iterating with their instance of the universal piece\'97their small little portion of the peace process\'97in order to come up with better solutions to the worsening problem of never having enough of the right resource or pieces in a given instance. They would publish their results in a local journal dedicated to Anchorage homeless world piece computer proceedings and technological advancements. But that's was a little far out. The three still had a lot to do to establish and begin tracking key performance indicators relevant to that particular problem at hand.\
On the other side of the room, there was a square space within the maze, against the back wall, central, about twenty feet square. In the center of the square was what looked like an abstract art sculpture. It was a single multicolor ribbon forming a spiral within a spiral within a spiral; it was the core high-level non-electronic/electronic memory and analysis piece for the homeless piece computer. It was a calendar, but more advanced, capable of displaying multidimensional cycles in realtime.\
The largest spiral began and was parallel with the ceiling it was hung from, beginning at the top, about three feet in diameter. This spiral represented year-cycles. Month cycles formed twelve up-and-down loops along the larger spiral per single coil of the larger spiral. These formed a toroidal, donut shape. Finally for each month cycle loop in the spiral was the smallest spiral in the ribbon, one little loop per day in a month.\
The smallest loops looked like a slinky, forming a larger slinky, finally defining a single helical coil downward from the ceiling. At this point there were four of these largest coils. Four years had passed since the erection of this particular memory piece in the homeless piece computer, a cold January four years ago. In the final coil closest to the ground, eight vertical loops indicated August was here, that it was getting cold.\
The ribbon was covered in colors, each color representing some kind of significant repetitive event, placed precisely on the portion of the memory piece representing that particular year month and day\'97down to the time\'97that the event took place. There were a handful of black marks for example, signifying deaths among the homeless community, usually correlating with cold and evening alcohol abuse, the data revealed by inspection. There were many more white marks, signifying moments where an individual was officially elevated to 
\f3\i not homeless
\f1\i0  status.\
Somewhere down the ribbon, around year number two, one of the resident electrical engineer artists installed a capacitive element to the ribbon coupled with a machine learning visual AI system capable of detecting a point and touch along any point thereon in the spiral. For every point-and-touch event on the spiral, the computers would immediately display all relevant data on the projectors displaying on the back wall. A two handed point-and-touch event would bring up data within the time period defined between the two points. Toward the end\'97the bottom\'97 of the spiral, the ribbon had been replaced by a center-lit liquid plasma crystal display tape, segments perfectly to fit new days on the ribbon as those days passed. This new display tape had the ability to display colors according to context\'97enabling a much higher degree of resolution. There were some wires dangling down through the center of the larger year-coil to power and control these LCD tape strips.\
In all, this sculpture was a visual representation mapping the calendar cycles of timespace onto linear time. It allowed for the easier identification of emerging cycles in timespace that would otherwise be lost to the noise in a strictly linear timeline. The visual representation also helped people more easily focus on the trends at hand, the tangible and visual nature of the sculpture appealing to the Human tendency to favor spatial relationships and physical objects.\
Around the spiral time-keeping sculpture were six people. The one speaking at the moment was the unit's peacemaker, in charge of ensuring that the group stayed on topic and followed the five rules of the universal piece. Another watched the group carefully for changes in facial expression and heightening tones of voice, conflict. This was the peacekeeper. They would interject on time to time.\
The subject of that group's universal piece\'97their peace process in that moment\'97was a concerning cycle-streak of bright pink marks, clusters occurring every three weeks. Pink in this case had been designated as distress signals for the camps and shelters to use in the event of being overwhelmed in some manner or fashion. The Dena'ina Actual Intelligence Algorithm clearly wasn't functioning optimally. The other three individuals at the window formed a breakout subprocess to begin determining a root cause of the situation.\
The six individuals at the memory spiral were deliberating as to how to next evolve the universal piece in the context of this concerning trend. They were considering an evolution advancement\'97an early iteration\'97resulting in a temporarily higher rate of global peace evaluation and process evolution. This is more costly in general, but it may be worth the extra expense in that particular case. It was a cost benefit analysis algorithm in their peace process.\
	"I for one am not in favor of any topological variation in the Dena'ina Algorithm. As our breakout is beginning to suggest, this is probably just a cycle-management problem. Time, energy, people scarcity, all resulting in a general resource allocation problem."\
	"I second."\
	"I third."
\f3\i \

\f1\i0 The peacemaker spoke.\
	"Any objections?"
\f3\i \

\f1\i0 No objections. Time to advance the universal piece.\
	"Let's divert our attention then, to playing advocate for the anti-case."
\f3\i \

\f1\i0 This group of piecebrains believed it was important to first play devil's advocate for any ruling to abandon an option entirely. It was one of their universal piece routines. They deliberated on the merits of a topological\'97or fundamental\'97change to the Dena'ina Algorithm.\
After some time,\
	"Have we made peace with the decision to focus on the cyclic metric nature of this problem, abandoning any motion to make a topological change to the Dena'ina Algorithm?"\
Nods all around.\
	"Advocacy concluded. Moving on."\
This was a meeting with no agenda, just the five rules of the universal piece computer plus their individual and local prosperity missions. As time went on, the team devised resolutions\'97commitments to abide to, follow through on. After consulting with the breakout team running their mathematical subprocess over in the window corner, the team resolved to advance the phase of the computer supply by nine days. The harmonic analysis would be trusted for now, but with heightened number of universal piece iterations in the next month to track the supply chain response the the advance.\
Up in that penthouse office suite, was one of several spaces across the city of Anchorage devoted to logic and decisions relating to the overall pieceprocess mediated in the war room. The collection of these spaces defined the 
\f3\i piecebrain
\f1\i0  in the Anchorage homeless world piece computer. The decisions, resolutions, commitments devised within the piecebrain would disseminate into all aspects of the piecespace and pieceprocess\'97local government, non profits, churches, schools, businesses, the streets, family residences\'97permeation.\
Interestingly, although logically a world piece computer only has three components, the pieceprocess, the piecebrain, and the piecespace, in physical practice this manifests as the collection of all individuals operating within the piece computer. Each individual maintains their personal aspect of the pieceprocess, each individual contributes their personal brain and decision-making powers to the piecebrain, each individual contributes the space within their world to the overall piecespace of the piece computer. The rest are pieces, both physical, tangible\'97and non physical, intangible.}