{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red246\green247\blue249;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c97255\c97647\c98039;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Past-Future Piece: \uc0\u8734  PCE - the peace puzzle.
\f1\i\b0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
[somewhere, deep in the Wilder-ness]
\f2\i0 \
The organism is quite disturbing for the linear minded. Pulsing, gyrating, throbbing, it is more like a mass of tentacles stretching through timespace, and at the end of each tentacle, an eye, pushing it forward, searching for something beyond comprehension. The linear minded call the object of this search 'peace, the product'. Some tentacles have one eye, two eyes, some have eight, some a lattice. But each one of those tentacles is also covered with smaller tentacles, each one with an eye, stretching, pushing, searching through timespace, those tentacles covered in even smaller tentacles, and so on. An unfathomable number of tentacles and eyes twist and merge and fork, eventually stretching back to a singular point. But that is just one tentacle itself, with one distributed eye, a single writhing bundle of living matter and eye. From that one point an equally unfathomable number of different\'97but self-similar\'97eye-tentacle bundles grow outward, each one a slight but irreducible variation of its neighboring bundle. Each tentacle, a piece of its own, all one living organism, all searching for a way to extend their pieace, all engaged in a never ending peace process, perfect as it is. \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\i [somewhere, deeper in the Wilder-ness]\
<...>\
	>>	...hey!\
	>>	...check this out...\
	>>	...new realixperience I just picked up.\
		>>	...it's curated by this entity called 'time machine for peace'\
			>> 	...this one's a 
\f3\b puzzle
\f1\b0 , like a 
\f3\b game
\f1\b0 !\
				>>	...there's only one level though; it's called '
\f3\b Humanity
\f1\b0 '.\
			>>	...and there's a catch!\
				>>	...you literally have to play 
\f3\b all
\f1\b0  characters at once...\
					>>	...and once you begin, you have to finish...\
						>>  ...no cheating or skipping past things.\
					>>	...and once you begin, you have to win...\
						>>  ...you work the puzzle until you win.\
>>	...they say there may only be one solution...\
	>>	...but the perspective of the puzzle changes every time, so its hard to tell.\
<...>\
	<<	...sounds tricky, but fun...\
		<<	...how hard could it be?\
<...>\
	>>	...well, there is only one rule though. ...and you absolutely MUST NOT break it.\
		<<	...what...?\
	>>	...
\f3\b never give up
\f1\b0 .\
<...>\
	>>	...take a bang!\
		>>	...you'll love it...realixperience of a lifetime no doubt.\
			>>	...it's literally the real thing and everything, every time.\
				>>	...never gets old. Like, '
\f3\b spacetime reality
\f1\b0 '. haha\
<...>\
	<<	...ok. ...you sold me.\
<...>\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 	<bang>\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 <...>\
	<<	
\f3\b ...
\f0\i0 woah
\f1\i\b0 .\
		<<	...this is 
\f3\b absurdly
\f1\b0  
\f3\b meta
\f1\b0 .\
			<<	...what 
\f0\i0\b AM
\f1\i\b0  I even?\
				<<	...and that puzzle was 
\f3\b hard
\f1\b0 ...\
				<< 	...pass me another I need to play again.\
<...>\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 	<bang>\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 <...>\
		<<	...
\f0\i0\b fuck
\f1\i\b0 . This would mean...you, I, we're...all this '
\f3\b Human
\f1\b0 ' thing?\
	<<	...it really gets you thinking...\
		>> ...yeah.\
<...>
\f3\b \
	<bang>\

\f1\b0 <...>\
<...>\
	
\f3\b <bang>\

\f1\b0 <...>\
	<<	...so, each time through...\
		<<	...it's like you play from the perspective of a different individual reference point...\
		<<	...fascinating.\
			<<	...start to finish...\
		>>	...yeah, I think the reference points are chosen from individual Humans...\
		>>	...chosen from timepoints with indeterminant outcomes for Humanity.\
	<<	...right, the first half of the puzzle is experiencing everything up to that reference point...		<<	...definitely a lot to take in.\
		>>	...and the second half is the hard part.\
		>>	...and longest...solving it.\
<...>\
	<<	...
\f3\b Human
\f1\b0 . Hm. 
\f2\i0 'Hey! Hey! Look at me! look at me! I'm a
\f1\i  
\f0\i0\b Human
\f2\b0 !
\f1\i ' hahaha.\
		>>	...ahahaha ...no but for real!\
		>>	...look at us!\
<...>\
		<<	...I know you said there's only one solution...\
		<<	...but did we really get the same solution?\
			>>	...yeah, the universal piece computer, right? \
			>>	...it's everything.\
				<<	...yeah, right...\
				<<	...I got the same solution...\
				<<	...I kind of figured...\
			<<	...I mean, we already know the universal piece computer is-\
			<<	-like uh- \
			<<	-literally everything. haha\
<...>\
	>>	...its funny how obvious it should be after the fact. Even the second time...the third...\
		<<	...right??\
			<<	...but it's 
\f3\b not at all obvious
\f1\b0  while you're playing it.\
			<<	...even knowing how to solve it beforehand...\
			<<	...I feel like it's gunna stump me every time!\
				>>	...haha right! Me too! So. Hard.\
	<<	...to be honest, I just never thought I would build it from scratch like that.\
		>>	...what's that?\
			<<	...
\f3\b the universal piece computer
\f1\b0 !\
				>>	...ah! You're right...this realixperience is 
\f3\b wayyy
\f1\b0  
\f3\b meta
\f1\b0 .\
<...>\
	<<	...hmm.\
		>>	...so what do you think? The trip? The puzzle? The game?\
<...>\
	<<	...shit I dunno...so, like, I just live here right...\
		<<	...I try not to overthink things...but, like...\
			<<	...I just can't shake it.\
<...>\
	>>	...shake what?\
<...>\
		<<	...
\f2\i0 like...\
						<<  
\f3\i\b ...are 
\f0\i0 WE
\f3\i  actually in the puzzle?!?\

\f1\b0 <...>\
<...>\
	>>	...woah.\
		<<	...yeah...woah.\
<...>	\
	>>	...well then shit, I just can't shake this...\
<...>\
	<<	...shake what?\
<...>\
		>>	
\f2\i0 so...\
						>>  
\f3\i\b ...would that mean we've been playing our
\f0\i0 selves
\f3\i  all this time?\

\f1\b0 <...>\
		<< >> !!\
<...>\
						<<  ...the thought of that literally blows my universe.  !\
<...>\
<...>\
	>>	...well, I for one think the idea is quite empowering...\
		>>	...uplifting, too. I'm feeling optimistic!\
<...>		\
		<<	...like, its 
\f3\b ok to have problems
\f1\b0 ...\
		<<	...just, 
\f3\b if we
\f1\b0  
\f3\b ARE
\f1\b0  this ultraverse, and if this 
\f0\i0\b IS 
\f1\i\b0 the puzzle...\
		<<	...then 
\f3\b the only rule we need is never giving up
\f1\b0 .\
			>>	...so then 
\f3\b the only faith we have is faith in us
\f1\b0 .\
				>>	...it's up to us.\
				>>	...those misaligned I suppose are us too, but they are in the past.\
					<<	...so we honor their wisdom of the past, and work with them, around them\
					<<	...and show them what we mean when 
\f3\b we
\f1\b0  say 'Human'.\
<...>\
		<<	...yeah, we just have to maintain the universal piece like we always have.\
			>>	...the epic struggle. ...the epic action.\
				<<	...yes, yes, yes. ...you and I know
\f3\b  
\f1\b0 struggle's where the money's at.\
<...>		\
		<<	...we just have to stay focused on treating 
\f3\b peace as a process, not a result
\f1\b0 .\
			>>	...yes, we have to stay focused on being 
\f3\b Humane
\f1\b0 .\
				<<	...on maintaining our 
\f3\b Humanity
\f1\b0 .\
					>>	...yes, yes. Now I am really feeling optimistic.\
<...>\
	>>	...ok, so after talking about it, by the definition of Humane, I believe I am 
\f3\b clearly Human
\f1\b0 .\
		<<	...yeah. ...and by the definition of Humane, I too, believe I am 
\f3\b clearly Human
\f1\b0 .\
		>>	...that's far out.\
	<<	...strangely, after that realixperience, I don't really feel so afraid of our problems now.\
<...>\
	>>	...so, what?\
	<<	...you know what.\
\
		<< >>	...we 
\f3\b need
\f1\b0  to 
\f3\b double down on what it means to be Human
\f1\b0 .\
		\
				<< >>	...the rest will follow. Love will prevail.\
\
						<< >>	...
\f3\b Humanity will prevail
\f1\b0 .\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0 \cf0 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
\f1\i \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
[somewhere, in your right here and now, deep within your timespace matter mindmachine]\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 (NOW CE - 2016 CE) PCE
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
humane\

\f2\b0 hyoo\uc0\u862 -m\u257 n\u8242 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 <$Scr_H::3>
\f0\b\fs22 adjective\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb5 <!$Scr_H::3>
\fs22 characterized by kindness, mercy, or 
\f3\i\b compassion
\f2\i0\b0 \cb1 \
\cb5 characterized by an emphasis on humanistic values and concerns\
having or marked by sympathy and consideration for others\
having or showing the 
\f3\i\b capacity for sharing the
\f2\i0\b0  
\f3\i\b feelings
\f2\i0\b0  of another\

\f0\b synonyms / related words\

\f2\b0 approachable, benevolent, considerate, cordial, democratic, forgiving, friendly, generous, gentle, gracious, humanitarian, open-minded, sympathetic, tolerant,  unselfish
\f1\i \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
And if you and I fail, if we perish, there will always be someone like 
\f2\i0 us
\f1\i , somewhere like 
\f3\b this
\f1\b0 ,
\f2\i0  
\f1\i working 
\f2\i0 hard
\f1\i  to build the universal piece computer, to satisfy The Human Imperative. The only rule we have is never giving up. The cosmos are too large to be alone. Love is too deep to be limited to Earth. The Humane lifeforms of this universe will persevere.\
We must make our own moves as Individuals, teaming up locally when we can. And if we happen to persevere, we will meet the rest of
\f2\i0  
\f3\i\b US
\f2\i0\b0 , 
\f1\i somewhere in the stars
\f2\i0 .\
I'll see you at our worlds' explosive percolation event, somewhere near the Love Singularity.}