{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 1-1 Time Machine For Peace\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
No, this is not a book about time machines or time travel (unless you want to consider passing into the future a form of time travel). No, this is not a book advocating for utopia, either. This is a book written in the belief that 'world peace' (from now on, 'global peace') will be an inconceivably complex and slippery state to achieve and maintain, but inevitable by nature of inherent profitability of peace. This book offers a unique approach to taking global peace seriously.\
\
Time Machine For Peace is a broad spectrum invention program -- an umbrella project. In the most general terms, the time machine for peace invention program serves as a _vehicle_ whose sole purpose is to transport us in a safe and speedy manner toward our final destination: the advent of global peace and beyond. A large reason this invention program is called a 'time machine' is because the ultimate problem we face as a species is that time, its conjugate variable energy, and people (access to), are exceedingly scarce. To be a vehicle that transports us to a more peaceful and prosperous future will demand systematic management of the limited time, energy, and conflicting interests of said vehicle's passengers, us.\
\
This book presents an exploration of what a time machine for peace invention program might look like. However, the primary emphasis will be on the central project to invent 
\f2\i the universal piece computer
\f1\i0 . We will touch on many diverse and interrelated topics as we go. The ultimate purpose in writing this book is to propose, argue for, and present a call to action for turning what has been an individual effort for many years into a social invention project devoted to accelerating the advent of global peace.\
\
First we take some time to talk about motivating factors, how world peace may be inevitable if we don't kill ourselves off accidentally, then explore a means of experimentally verifying the inevitability of peace. Next, we will give a treatment on 'consilience' (the unification of knowledge), and argue that to even be equipped to solve the problem 'how do we accomplish global peace', we must create versions of mathematics, science, art, engineering, etc, that are all devoted to framing and generating such a solution. We will explore this prospect that if we want to achieve global peace, we must take everything we already do, and create new versions that are contextualized in terms of peace. The segues into the proposed starting point: in order to coordinate such a massive undertaking (solving peace) we must invent a special purpose general computer devoted to treating peace as a process. [ deduplicate versions statements ]\
\
This aforementioned computer is called -- in generic terms -- a _world piece computer_. We will talk all about peace and pieces, which will be confusing at first. At this point we will get into defining what a world piece computer is, what it does, characteristics and properties, and how we might network them together to form a singular supercomputer called -- again in generic terms -- _the universal piece computer_, a supercomputer devoted to computing a solution to the global peace problem. The argument is that we need a network of world piece computers to facilitate the creation of new versions of human institutions, all contextualized in terms of peace. After the universal piece computer is erected, we can then use its computational power to initiate other invention projects under the umbrella of the time machine for peace program.\
\
Next we will close by addressing calls to action. How can you jump in and get involved? How can you help invent the world piece computer to form the universal piece computer? How will collaboration even look like?\
\
Finally, in the epilogue I will discuss the physical motivation underpinning it all. This is largely philosophical with direct appeals to physics and mathematics, by analogy. In brief, our species' understanding of time, consciousness, and evolution is crude to the point that we are incapable of explaining subjectivity, the irreversibility of time, and the reason matter evolves the way it does. I argue that if we ever hope to solve deeper peace-problems such as dying too soon, we need to learn how to systematically violate the second law of thermal dynamics. (The second law is one of the best-validated physical principles, basically stating that there is no free lunch, events are irreversible, and everything must crumble or die, eventually.) If we can coordinate the creation of a physical model or theory of reality framed in terms of time, qualitative experience (consciousness), and intelligence, we may find hope to discover ways we might avoid the seeming inevitability of extinction.\
\
I sincerely hope you enjoy exploring these grandiose and exciting ideas alongside me. I likewise hope you draw something -- inspiration, insight, hope, etc -- from this work.}