{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Forward
\f1\b0 \
\
This book is for people who believe that some form of 'world peace' in the form of a global peace system must be erected if we are to ensure our species' survival, and guarantee high quality of life for us and our offspring. To distinguish from 'world peace' -- which is an extremely loaded term eliciting images of hand holding and utopian song -- we will use the term 'global peace' to refer to the pragmatic version of world peace laid out in this book. \
\
All this makes me a troubled soul. The contents of this book have been haunting me for years, and I fully expect to be haunted for the rest of my life while I work to realize the vision outlined within. My hope is to distribute the burden of realization among people who see what I see and likewise wish to make it real. I hope to find my people, and work with them to make our respective futures downright epic.\
\
If you don't get it, I get it. If you think this is a fool's errand, I get it. If you find this offensive to your sensibilities, I get it. I only expect around 10% of my audience to easily comprehend the significance of what I propose, and that's ok. For the majority, it may take some effort to understand, so I offer this first and foremost as the intellectually stimulating entertainment of a futurist technologist peace nut. I'll even venture to call this art -- call it conceptual peace art, literature. To skeptics, good be skeptical. To the critics, fine criticize me. To the haters, you are not my target audience, so your sentiments mean little to me. For any of you, if you wish to dig into me and this work, please try to keep discourse productive. In most cases, I have more important things to spend my time and energy on than engaging with my opposition. And for the lovers and enthusiasts, please be wary of the intoxicating and destabilizing effects these ideas may have on your worldview. I find it best to approach these ideas with a sober mindset.\
\
From a personal perspective, I just want to make new and better life with people. For us who value grounded and pragmatic notions of peace, for us who believe global peace is worth defining and taking seriously, for those of us who believe the survival of our species depends on our taking peace seriously, for us who just want to be part of something bigger, something exciting, this book is for you. I intend this book to serve as a springboard for networking our like-minds to accelerate the advent of global peace, then maintain and improve upon the standing state of peace art.\
\
And if you read no further, at least ponder this:\
\
Peace is more an evolving continuous iterative process than it is a result or product. What would it mean in your life to treat peace as a process, not a result? I think you stand to profit immensely by asking yourself of this throughout your day-to-day affairs.\
\
And if you read further, let's get it.}