{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 piecebrain
\f1\b0 \
This is one of three components that make up a piece computer. The piecebrain makes decisions about how a piece computer should function (managing inputs, outputs, and inner workings). The default piecebrain is the Human brain, and by definition it is impossible to have a piecebrain without a Human brain. The piecebrain is analogous to the processor in a modern computer, but also includes the computer operator. 
\f2\i usage: my piecebrain is bad at thinking about math, so I added Wolfram Alpha to my piecebrain to help me figure out how many different ways I can arrange the pieces in my world.
\f0\i0\b \
\
pieceprocess\

\f1\b0 This is one of three components that make up a piece computer. The pieceprocess in a piece computer is one aspect or facet of the universal piece, which is the sum of all peace processes running in a given moment. The pieceprocess is analogous to a process in a modern computer, but there is only one. 
\f2\i usage:
\f1\i0  
\f2\i My piece computer runs my personal pieceprocess, which is what helps manage my world's pieces, constantly optimizing their arrangement and presence.\

\f1\i0 \

\f0\b piecespace\

\f1\b0 This is one of three components that make up a piece computer. The piecespace is where all the pieces are stored, and in general this is the ambient environment that surrounds us. The piecespace is analogous to the memory in a modern computer (all the different types). Because the Human brain is a prerequisite component in any piece computer, part of a computer's piecespace will exist as the Human brain's memory itself. 
\f2\i usage: My memory often fails me, so I  leave physical clues--or pointers--in my surrounding piecespace to remind me of important things I need to do.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f0\b WE / US
\f1\b0 \
This is the inclusive combination of 
\f0\b I
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b we
\f1\b0 , and 
\f0\b Humanity
\f1\b0 . In other words, WE represents the three scopes of interest considered together, 
\f0\b individual
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b local 
\f2\i\b0 (community)
\f1\i0 , and 
\f0\b global
\f1\b0 . US is the direct object form of WE. 
\f2\i usage: WE should do something epic and noble. (This translates to: I, my community, my nation, my people, and Humanity at large should do something epic and noble. usage: Peace should explicitly matter to US. (This translates to: Peace should explicitly matter to me, my community, my nation, my people, and Humanity at large.)}