{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Opening Notes\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 This book is dedicated to victims of, and those currently suffering from, generalized war.
\f1\b0 \
\
I do not necessarily suggest we all change how we do things; what I suggest is that we all change our _approach_ to how we do things. I think we can do better to prioritize peace as an explicit process, not a result. I think we need to take global peace more seriously.\
\
This book is for people who believe that some form of 'world peace' in the form of a global peace system must be erected if we are to both ensure our species' survival, and guarantee high quality of life for us and our offspring. To distinguish from 'world peace' -- which is an extremely loaded term eliciting images of hand holding and utopian song -- we will use the term 'global peace' to refer to the pragmatic version of world peace laid out in this book. \
\
All this makes me a troubled soul. The contents of this book have been haunting me for years, and I fully expect to be haunted for the rest of my life while I work to realize the vision outlined within. My hope is to distribute the burden of realization among people who see what I see and likewise wish to make it real. I hope to find my people, and work with them to make our respective futures--and those bystanders around us--downright epic.\
\
If you don't get it, I get it. If you think this represents a fool's errand, I get it. If you find this offensive to your sensibilities, I get it. I only expect around 10% of my audience to easily comprehend the significance of what I propose, and that's ok. For the majority, it may take some effort to understand, so I offer this first and foremost as the intellectually stimulating entertainment of a futurist technologist peace nut. I'll even venture to call this art--call it conceptual peace art, a form of meta-fantasy sci-fi literature.\
\
To skeptics, good be skeptical. To the critics, fine criticize me. To the haters, you are not my target audience, so your sentiments mean little to me, but you are always welcome to join in on the action. For any of you, if you wish to dig into me and this work, please try to keep discourse productive. In most cases, I have more important things to spend my time and energy on than engaging with my opposition. And for the lovers and enthusiasts, please be wary of the intoxicating and destabilizing effects these ideas may have on your worldview. I find it best to approach these ideas with a sober mindset.\
\
From a personal perspective, I just want to make new and better life with people. For those of us who value grounded and pragmatic notions of peace, for those of us who believe a global peace system is worth defining, building, and taking seriously, for those of us who believe the survival of our species depends on our taking global peace seriously, for us who just want to be part of something bigger, something exciting, this book is for you. I intend this book to serve as a springboard for networking our like-minds, to accelerate the advent of global peace, then maintain and improve upon the standing state of peace art.\
\

\f0\b And if you read no further, at least ponder this:
\f1\b0 \
\
Peace is more an evolving continuous iterative process than it is a result or product. What would it mean in your life to treat peace as a process, not a result? I think you stand to profit immensely by asking yourself of this throughout your day-to-day affairs.\
\

\f0\b Disclaimers regarding my writing style:
\f1\b0 \
\
To be clear, I only care to communicate the gestalt of this idea effectively to the right people and this book is only the tip of the iceberg. By nature of my temperament, I tend to make loose associations, thus I meander like a lazy river and the experience is highly nonlinear. I hold true to gravity, though. I also frequently make definitive and authoritative statements without proof or justification. I really don't care much about reaching every audience member perfectly. I'm intent to make this stuff real, not speak at book clubs and signing events.\
\
Please bear in mind that this book contains my version and vision of things. Yours will probably look different than mine, and that's ok. Be patient and open minded; your blood pressure will thank you.\
\

\f0\b Note regarding this style of literature:
\f1\b0 \
\
I would classify this piece as 
\f2\i fantasy sci-fi realism
\f1\i0 , a type of 
\f2\i meta-fiction
\f1\i0 . Compared to your day to day living, the contents of this book are patently absurd. I am aware of this. The idea however, is to make it clear that I don't take this 
\f2\i too seriously
\f1\i0 . I do not have a messiah complex, rather I am unafraid to share my inner world that is statistically speaking very different than most western people's. Another function that the absurdism plays is to provoke more thought by agitating the ideaspace more vigorously.\
\
Science fiction is a way to deliver the larger ideas underpinning this text but without needing to constantly qualify and argue that something is true or possible. This is meta-fiction. It isn't really real, really, or is it? I want to make the ideas real, but the descriptions presented in this book are just one of uncountable possible ways these ideas could go. If you have your own ideas, please refer to the final page.\
\
Finally, I call it realism is because I genuinely believe that this presentation is the closest thing we have to a realistic
\f0\b  approach 
\f1\b0 to answering the question of 
\f3\i\b how
\f2\b0  do we solve our hardest problems? 
\f1\i0 This is my attempt to package the many complementary aspects that would go into such an approach, into a single generic narrative capable of unifying the disparate collection of preexisting--but usually conflicting--answers to the big 
\f3\i\b how
\f1\i0\b0 .\
\

\f0\b If you are a physicist or mathematician, please note:
\f1\b0 \
\
I am basing the foundation of the original models outlined within, according to what I refer to as 
\f2\i classical modern physics
\f1\i0 . That is, the physics an undergraduate physicist will be taught in  standard curriculum and textbooks, drawing from classical physics,  calculus, partial and ordinary differential equations, thermodynamics, plasma physics, miscellaneous modern physics, plus elementary general relativity and quantum field theory. Please forgive me, for I will commit many sins in the pages to come. If you feel like you are going apoplectic, please set this book down and take a break; your life is not worth the pain you'll endure.\
\
Further, the model of time I propose for a future subjective physics is original, and inspired by what I believe is an intersection between two hard problems, being the arrow of time and the hard problem of consciousness. I suggest that everything we know about our current physics of matter and energy may be extended to explain and predict general stuff.\
\
Ultimately, the world formalism outlined within is my personal take on Hugh Everett's 
\f2\i universal wave function
\f1\i0  interpretation of quantum mechanics.\
\
Building into all this is my personal version--my understanding--of all the above physics and maths by my studies that I have partaken in over the years. Almost all my understandings are self-taught, but in many cases I had guidance from professors. Because I am self-taught, my version is sometimes very eclectic and eccentric.\
\

\f0\b If you are a computer scientist or an engineer please note:
\f1\b0 \
\
I am an electrical engineer by training, and a software engineer by trade, with three too many years immersed in the world of telecommunications. I have always been fascinated by computers, and their ability to assist Humans in solving difficult computational problems. Like the note on physics and math above, much of my understanding is eclectic and eccentric. This is because most of what I know about computers is self-taught and is my version of things.\
\
Much of what I bring to the table when talking about computer architecture comes from my interest in the work by Jaron Lanier. As for solving Human problems, I genuinely see social problems as having solutions that must be 
\f2\i engineered
\f1\i0 . That is, designed and invented.\
\

\f0\b A note to the average non-technical reader, and whomever else:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Part of my objective is to make this experience as educational as possible. I will frequently introduce real concepts from math and sciences in order to draw an arc through the narrative. Intentionally, I do not go into much depth to explain all the nuances and subtleties of a concept, nor do I bother justifying many claims. A lot of it won't really make too much sense in the first pass, so think of all the ideas and concepts as part of the 
\f2\i science fiction
\f1\i0  experience. Science fiction is great, because you don't really need to understand how things work, you just need to understand what's going on and why its important.\
\
So I encourage you, when you read an italicized concept or word that doesn't quite make sense, jump on the old Google machine and look it up, be it wikipedia or blogs or textbooks. This is supposed to be an adventure of learning and broadening intellectual horizons! Also, when you don't quite understand what's going on, don't be afraid to read like a theoretical physicist does: sometimes when something isn't making immediate sense, you just have to keep reading on, and eventually it will click, or you go back and reread if necessary.\
\
Many concepts and terms are original, however. These concepts and terms will typically be bold italicized when they are introduced in a section for the first time. Brief definitions for these terms are found in the glossary at the end of this book. There is also an index, so if an original term doesn't quite make sense after finishing the  book, consider using the index to jump around to get a better grasp.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 A note about the setup manual:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
The world piece computer setup manual is distributed throughout the essays and narrative arcs. This manual is written in such a way as to describe how I envision the general piece computer will function and operate. It will describe how you can (and should!) create your own personal world piece computer, or even one for your friends, family, or community. Although one day I hope to have actual physical devices that serve as world piece computer artifacts, for now we just have our brains and our surrounding environments of ambient technology and stuff. We also have the people that surround use, and their stuff to some extent.\
\
My goal is to help you set up your own personal world piece computer in a way that prepares you to network your computer with somebody else's world piece computer. It is also to install a mindset that will help you carry on inventing your world piece computer after moving on past this book. How do you keep going?\
\
Much of what I provide in this setup manual is drawn from my personal world piece computer. I will show you how you can make one with just what you have on hand, and if you don't have anything on hand, your brain will suffice. This manual is also meant, again, to teach you a whole bunch of stuff about modern electronic computers, such as a laptop, desktop, or smartphone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 A note about the general piece computer:
\f1\b0 \
\
I am very serious about the invention aspect of the general piece computer. I have been working explicitly on the computer for 8 years now, and the global peace system concept/strategy for well over 15 years. I am providing this book as the tip of the iceberg, but hopefully including enough of each core theme of the piece computer invention project that other like-minded people can jump in and help. An invention project of this scope will require a multitude of people of all kinds and walks of life to make it a reality.\
\
I do not intend to become a full time author. Instead, I intend to coordinate and represent the piece computer invention project, especially on the universal scale, under guidance of a time machine for peace steering committee. I want to see the day when we ship a line of primitive world piece computers, a line of non-electronic world piece computers, a line of electronic piece computers, a line of world piece computer networking components, and a line of access and assistance components for the resulting universal piece computer.\
\
Also, I want to see the universal piece computer produce a working global peace state as soon as possible to begin iterating on a piecetime solution.\
\

\f0\b A note about the time machine for peace social invention program:
\f1\b0 \
\
This is far beyond me. I think we need it. I want to be a part of it. But, I will not be the one to lead it or represent it. In fact, I do not think any one person should lead it or represent it. The world piece computer and the universal piece computer invention project will probably involve public benefit corporations, but the time machine for peace program will almost certainly need to be a non-profit, or maybe even a new extragovernmental entity. The behavior of the time machine for peace social invention program would look similar to the organizations that help steer and guide protocol and architectural development of the internet.\
\
As the book strongly implies, the time machine for peace invention program is also more of a 
\f2\i spirit
\f1\i0  and 
\f2\i culture
\f1\i0  than it is an organization. The spirit of the time machine for peace is something I believe is inevitable, and will persist for millennia until we go extinct, or travel to an end of time.\
\

\f0\b The purpose of this book:
\f1\b0 \
\
This is a direct appeal to neuroplasticity and linguistic relativism. My intention in writing this book is to teach you a peace-based language that I designed in a way I believe will maximize the probability that the universal piece computer becomes a reality. My intention in teaching you this language is nothing short of rewiring your brain to approach life in a more mindful, deliberate, methodical manner, and in a way that conditions you to treat peace as a process, not a result. I believe that by adopting the right language and constructs we will rewire our brains to produce behavior that is more peaceful.\
\
I'm just trying to rewire your brain, don't worry. Trust me, I'm an electrical engineer.\
\
By establishing the linguistic foundation for the time machine for peace social invention program and the universal piece computer, we can begin growing our individual efforts in terms of a common language and conceptual framework. The conceptual framework is meant to reflect the universal piece biases, to be inclusive, neutral, and creative, among others. We may subscribe to different belief sets, even incompatible ones, but the universal piece computer concept space is designed to accomodate all types of people, even people who are at odds with each others' beliefs.\
\
This is in part to act as a filter, again, another common electrical engineering technique. If you find interest in this grand idea, and wish to participate in the invention effort (no matter who you are), then your interest will compel you to focus more on how you can collaborate/invent/network with others that hold mutual interest, this more-so than you may feel compelled to stay away from somebody. Aside, if you have an effective world piece computer, then you should have no trouble linking yours with somebody who you don't get along with, just as long as there exists the mutual interest to build the universal piece computer.\
\
Finally, this book is to serve as a formal origin point for the time machine for peace social invention project, with the first invention effort being to invent the world piece computer then build them into the universal piece computer. This book will serve as a centerpiece to keep conversation focused.\
\

\f0\b A note about The Human Imperative:
\f1\b0 \
\
The Human Imperative is a statement that represents an agreed upon direction for which we should take the time machine for peace invention program. This statement will be given an initial definition by me, to serve as a guiding direction for this book. However, when a steering committee for the time machine for peace is formed, The Human Imperative should be redefined if it is not unanimously accepted. Ideally, the imperative content details will be crowdsourced and confined to a narrow range. The sourced details then consolidated and normalized, shaped, until a unanimous agreement has been made by the steering committee.\
\

\f0\b The Human Imperative:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Integrate Human experience to invent a way to overcome Humanity's greatest adversary: time.\
\
To do so, create a social invention program devoted to this end.\
\
The first order of business is to invent the universal piece computer to produce the universal piece (a peace process) to generate piecetime, a formal and calculated state of global peace among participants and their surrounding communities.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Ends:
\f1\b0 \
\
We need a global peace process 
\f2\i now
\f1\i0 . By the time people have read this book, the ones who are interested will have a functioning world piece computer up and running. We will do our best to fumble in the dark to find each other, eventually settling on a common networking protocol, and a shared definition for what global peace is and how it should be treated. We will work toward an event, where we take our first global peace measure of net inner peace, then we will make our first evolutionary change to the universal piece and start the clock.}