{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs22 \cf0 10 PCE
\f1\i0\b0 \
\
Nervously, she walked into the conference hall.\
\
This one was in an abandoned building that somebody from the world piece homeless computer was donating to the piecespace, probably a 100 by 200 foot room. This particular region of the world had a homeless problem like most. However, what made this homeless problem uncomfortable was that being homeless here was not like being homeless in Los Angelos or Chicago or Detroit or New York rather, this was Anchorage, Alaska. Sure the weather was often times similar to those places with colder climates, but here winter was 
\f2\i longer,
\f1\i0  and with harsher lows. The real difficulty here, was the 
\f2\i length
\f1\i0  of a winter, with dangerous low temperatures present around 9 months in the year. In fact, it is rare to find a 24 hour period in this region where temperatures and climate do not pose an immediate risk for hypothermia.\
\
All that aside, the conference hall looked more like a war room. Like from a spy movie or something. It was busy with chatter and movement, Human expression. There was the occasional alarming shout coming from a back room somewhere, a squad of medical personal in the back corner where it was emanating from; they looked intent, but she saw two of them laugh hard in a quick flash, so surely the shouts must be fine. The whole scene was seriously intimidating.\
\
At first notice, hanging from the rafters along the long wall on the rear side of the space was a set of large painter's drop cloths, stretched taught by some kettlebell and yellow sandbag pieces contributed to the computer. Three projector pieces hanging from the rafters--likewise contributed--displayed three massive projections on these drop cloths. On the center projection, was a massive map of Anchorage on one sheet, its triangular shape in the inlet and mountains distinct, a few red and green blips blipping away at various locations on the map, one green blip moving at high speed, south along the New Seward Highway, obviously in transport. The projection to the left looked sometime like an alarm system from a telecommunications tactical operations center--a long list, rows of entries, each with a corresponding set of colored lights, some flashing, most static--they appeared to be names--some pinned to the top in an obvious manner. The projection to the right displayed something like a profile, like literally-literally from a spy movie. It was a female, she had a smug grin and defiant glare, with a list of stats below, current, past, and 
\f2\i future
\f1\i0 . Her ID corresponded to that one fast traveling green blip on the center screen, and to the--\
\
--'OH FUCK!  Ana!!!!  You maaaaade it!!!!';  he swept out of the fray, clearly excited, exhilarated but cool, 
\f2\i amplified
\f1\i0 .\
'How couldn't I!!!', brimming smile. *Big hug.* (Nice.)\
\
She was pleasantly surprised; it was her first time experiencing a world piece computer, but this sort of thing was becoming much more popular lately. Like, you wanna ride with me? Yeah, let's try this for first date: come check out my world piece computer! Let's be a part of making some novel good shit happen! --Greater than the sum of the parts! More and more often it seemed, people were using world piece computers to connect with other likeminded souls for friendship, companionship, and intimacy--general love. She was a little skeptical at first, but so far the experience was energizing, clearly serious business. Clearly these people were committed and focused, with an sound sense of collective purpose.\
\
'Let me give you a tour! ?'\
'Yeah!'\
\
As she figured, the projection screens were as so. The list of entries as it turned out were all informants, agents, and vulnerable adults living within various homeless community camps, shelters too, and some of them were pure roamers. The woman pictured on the screen now was a deep cover agent, homeless, but employed by the Anchorage world homeless computer to roam the south side collecting intelligence and discovering new homeless community members in need of aid and registration. She was being driven to a stretch of railway behind a popular upper class restaurant where a known clique of homeless reside, to interview residents. Her mission in the past few days, has been to locate a missing local highschooler who had run away from home but family and law enforcement efforts had failed to locate. The agent's name was--\
\
--'Yeah, that's Rayze, or MamaShug as she goes by on the streets. You know, like, sugar mama? Yeah she's nice, but don't give her nothing but real, otherwise she'll put you in your fucking place 
\f2\i real
\f1\i0  quick-like. Don't worry though, she's harmless. ;)'\
'She sounds spicy. How many agents does this world piece computer employ?'\
'Erm.. 78 at moment. But we could use a lot more. We could always use more. At least we have a never ending job source to provide to for those who would prefer to be homeless.'\
'People prefer to be homeless here?'\
'Surprisingly, more than you would imagine. Be careful questioning somebody's position as a homeless person. Telling the wrong person that they need to be saved and that they need a home will make them 
\f2\i very very angry
\f1\i0 .'\
'...noted...thank you.'\
'The mission is only ever to minimize bad and maximize good. This is the underlying universal piece process...the same universal piece that underlies any world piece computer on this planet. We hold true to a central peace bias that favors 
\f2\i tolerance
\f1\i0 . Tolerance is what we need to show to those people who would rather say 
\f2\i fuck your establishment
\f1\i0  than have a home. We are here to help them live more prosperous lives nonetheless...with or without a home...and when we do so effectively, our help is welcomed in fact!'\
'hmm. ok. Cool!'\
\
But that was just the projection screens. There was so much information on those screens that we could spend the next 10,000 words going over it. Suffice to say however, everyone in this conference hall was constantly looking up to these screens periodically--it was part of their personal universal piece process in this space.\
\
The content for these projector pieces came from electronic computer pieces on a row of desk pieces in the middle of the hall. These desks were stacked double wide, for about the length of the hall. In the middle of the desk row, there were a few large computer boxes. These were the core electronic computer pieces. All of them were networked into a single distributed cloud compute device. One box housed the machinery to store vasts amounts of profile data, all the geographical tracking data over the past 5 years, all the data streams from external agencies' databases. Another box was full of graphical processor unit pieces or GPUs, which took all the database data and crunched it through machine learning algorithm pieces to help the world homeless computer identify patterns in the data. Fiber optics connected these central compute devices together.\
\
Along this entire row of desk pieces were a host of small conventional electronic desktop computer pieces. People were working on all of them. Instead of a traditional cloud however, all these computers were setup as validators for a much larger local world piece computer blockchain network piece (spanning the city of Anchorage as a whole). All the global database information (all the important stuff) was stored on a forked version of the Filecoin blockchain (that is integrated with the interplanetary file system, IPFS, of course), all database entries ineffable, an unalterable history of what had gone on with this particular world homeless piece computer. There is always a brain piece though, and that was this one little integrating medium box that took all the database, and machine learning, and blockchain data then consolidated it into displayable format that other devi--\
\
--'See, that's what this iPad does. I can select different profiles, zoom into different parts of the map, isolate different alarm points, all from right here. And there are a few of these iPads floating around--those who hold the iPads form the piecebrain, like, we are the quote-on-quote leaders. Further, the projectors here for example, anybody can pull this display up on their mobile app to see the same realtime data we a looking at. Likewise, in any given moment, anybody can deviate from the realtime brain to access aspects of the database that they might need right then.'\
'Tech savvy.'\
'Gotta be. ;)'\
'So what happens when the brain people--' '--piecebrain--' '--sorry, piecebrain people can't decide on what to project?'\
'Yeah! So, that is usually obvious when it happens because things start switching around erratically, and when that happens we have a social protocol where when we notice, we convene to have a piecebrain-storming session to resolve the issue. So far it is super effective.'\
'Dope.'\
\
Walking around the central row of desks with electronic computers toward the corner where the medics stood, it became hard not to notice the colored duct tape on the floor.\
\
Except for the side of the hall with the painter's drop cloth projection screens, spanning from each conventional electronic computer on the center aisle out to the hall's walls on either side was a long strip of colored duct tape to the the wall. For each computer, there was a pair of dict tape stripes spanning outward from it to the edges of a large 5'x10' whiteboard. The room, besides the projection screen wall, was surrounded by whiteboards. (Well, there was one chalkboard, but that is a different conversation.) On some dividing tape lines, there was a color on one side, and a different color on the other. These looked a lot like wedges. On the inner arc, always a computer, and on the outer arc, always a whiteboard. There were a couple wedges in the hall that had the same color, but those were--\
\
--'What's up with the colors, the wedges?'\
'What do you mean?'\
'So, this computer whiteboard wedge is green, but to the left is blue and to the right is yellow. But, I notices walking in that another wedge on the other side of the room is green, also.'\
'Ah. So, \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}