{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs22 \cf0  
\f1\b0 .|::|:../\\  
\f0\b XE\

\f2\i0\b0 \
Its been several microennia since the advent of the Piece Computer Era. We still don't understand dark matter and energy, as when we shed new light on some, even darker matter and energy emerges. We believe the darkness is a direct glimpse into the extra-universal space our universe is embedded in. Perhaps there is light beyond, too, not just darkness. If there is 'light' beyond, our universe appears to  within an enclosed vessel.\
\
A few million years also provided plenty of new cosmological data. As time went on, and we fit theory to new data, we discovered that the projections of our physics into the beginning and end of time 
\f1\i changed
\f2\i0 . There is still the very real prospect of a heat death of the universe, and we still see a singularity at the big bang, but the evolution leading toward and from those singular extremes looks much different. We now wonder if we are stationary in the present, and linear time is the product of extrapolation. Evidence strongly suggests that the laws of physics--not just the proportionality constants--might actually evolve as time goes on. Time is still a problem because we have not solved mortality, but it may be that time never ends. Complexification may be an eternal process.\
\
The universal piece process may be just that, a universal phenomenon.
\f0\i\b \
\

\f2\i0\b0 The intergalactic filament structures were telling, the neuronal-like composition of galaxies and intergalactic matter, telling. We now have evidence to strongly believe that the universe is a living cellular organism, probably one of many, now a blob in its early stages of differentiating cell growth. We believe we might be in a dark space that contains what we would think of as the 
\f1\i brain
\f2\i0 .\
\
Our organism (we named it Blob) lives in what we call the Wilder-ness, which is a high dimensional space beyond our comprehension; everything is wilder there, by nature of its incomprehensibility. This organism's cells look to us like worlds, and because of the high dimensionality of the Wilder-ness, world cells can overlap and nest indefinitely within our universe. The blob at this point in its development acts as a universal computational pieace fractal, and by our current understanding, the universe in our dimensionality never stops growing in complexity; the pieace fractal continuously works to maximize the number of worlds, with no end in sight to the complexification. Our universe looks like a blob of pieces constantly arranging and rearranging and creating and destroying pieces to generate peace.\
\
Why do Humans exist?\
\
Well, we don't know why 
\f1\i they
\f2\i0  exist, but we devise a next best answer in terms of our biology. The only way to express an answer in Human language is, we were conceived by similar mature universal organisms in a corner of the Wilder-ness that they call home.\
\
By our best knowledge, Humanity is what happens when universes bang it out.\
\
Despite the darkness, we now know love is the dominant force of our universe, and we wonder if love supersedes the boundaries of our universe. We hope love supersedes our universe. What else than love it would lie beyond is incomprehensible beyond our knowledge of the incomprehensible. Frankly, we'd rather not think about it. Besides, we have practical matters to attend to, so we try to stay focused on our work to invent eternity.\
\
Some believe that as we accumulate more and more worlds and complexity, our feeble Human lifeform will assume the same level of conscious experience of the lifeforms that conceived of this universe. That is, we may become the experience of our universe. We might well then meet a new universe, or several, and Humanity will inevitably bang it out, too, in a never-ending self-similar self-cyclic peace process. That's some time from now, if it is true. In the meantime, we just keep on assuming our universe will die in time, and so we keep on building out the time machine for peace invention program.\
\
We must survive time, our greatest adversary. After all, we must satisfy The Human Imperative.\
}