{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs22 \cf0 NGPE - 3030\
\

\f1\i0\b0 It has only been three thousand and thirty years since the resolution of Humanity's first interstellar war with another cellular life form. The outcome was horrific--around 1.2 trillion Humans perished--but we prevailed as usual, even found a partner. By this point the universal piece computer spans tens of solar systems, plus numerous gargantuan mining, research, and transport outposts.\
\
At first attack, we immediately put our universal piece to work to compute a solution. Unfortunately, even with timestay tents, we were pressed on time: the enemy possessed technology that could create a trajectory through timespace capable of velocities on order of time compression within tents. (They developed this weapon in tandem with developing their first faster-than-light technology.) Extinction was clearly imminent, so in one last desperate effort we resorted to lethal force. The catch this time was that we didn't pull the trigger of total annihilation.\
\
Outgunned but not outnumbered, we leveraged the savagery of Human Nature, the technology of our allies, and managed to swarm the attacking force and homeworld, injecting an insidious hybrid nanotech bioweapon into their species' biomass, a first step toward peace, compelling a ceasefire by resorting to the best brute force tactic we know to date--mutual assured destruction. After a few demonstrations of force, the enemy species laid down its arms, agreeing to engage in diplomacy to dismantle the mutual assured destruction mechanism.\
\
This was a dark moment for Humanity, for we are no longer killers by choice. War always carries with it collateral damage, so avoiding it was a central part of The Human Imperative from the beginning of the 
\f0\i\b PCE
\f1\i0\b0 . We mourned the loss of our own, and we mourned the loss of our enemy's noncombatants. And the terror of mutually assured destruction, although we knew it could be reversed, instilled for the first time a collective species-wide feeling of guilt. Of course there are still war mongers among Humans, but they have a tiny and insignificant voice these days. We still feel guilty, and rightly so.\
\
The resulting diplomatic relations, motivated by peace and reconciliation, revealed some surprising epiphanies:\
\
First, our assailants came from a three-body system of planets orbiting one another, revolving around a single star. We came to call them the Triplanetarians, the literal translation of their stated name in native tongue. The Triplanetarian system is a chaotic system meaning that is it impossible to calculate the trajectory of any one planet for too far into the future. (This is due to something called 
\f2\i sensitivity to initial conditions
\f1\i0 , one of the outstanding ancient problems that still baffles mathematicians to date.) We learned that Triplanetarians only recently discovered faster than light travel, which was surprising given how advanced their weaponry was. We learned how long they have flourished on three planets in such a chaotic environment and calculated the odds of their three home worlds surviving, turning out to be an infinitesimally small number. (The alien species is literally the luckiest life form know to Humanity.) The majority of the Triplanetarian species however (several trillion), lives on this three-planet system due to their relatively primitive space travel abilities. The moment they developed faster than light travel, they set out to find new worlds to inhabit. The important part here however, is that Triplanetarian society evolved in a strict climate of 
\f2\i fear
\f1\i0 , a species constantly afraid that the next ten solar cycles might very well be their last. It was an entire intelligent species whose collective psyche was rooted in fear.\
\
Second, as per protocol--in effort to erect a universal language channel between species--we introduced the concept of world piece computer to begin the universal piece language exchange and education process. What we found was that Triplanetarians also had world piece computers (with their own functioning universal piece computer of networked world piece computers). Their computers were likewise devoted to overcoming  time, and they too had a similar great tent revolution several thousand years ago. We discovered a similarity between their piece computers with some piece computers we had seen early within our species way back in the Piece Computer Era--these were particularly pathological cases of piece computer implementations. If the programming of a world piece computer is biased in terms of fear, anger, and hatred, we discovered that that world soon becomes hostile (obviously). The reality for Humans though, was that the overarching universal piece computer was programmed first with love and unity in mind, and because it was programmed this way 
\f2\i first
\f1\i0 , good always seemed two steps away from the little 'evil' confronting the time machine for peace invention program--ie, the little bits of evil that we were incapable of harnessing to do useful work. Some mathematical historians these days believe that because our piece computers were first programmed for good, when our Great Tent Revolution freed up our time, we were able to more quickly develop faster than light technology--suggesting that our positive bias is ultimately what saved us from the Triplanetarians.\
\
Thirdly, the Triplanetarians as it turns out, having programmed their first universal piece process according to fear, the very origin of it all mostly was a reflection of their social fear-based climate at the time, several thousand years ago. We learned that because they came to think in terms of fear, they believe in an ancient idea that we know as the 
\f2\i dark forest hypothesis
\f1\i0 . In fact, the dark forest hypothesis was baked into their universal piece from the beginning. The dark forest hypothesis suggests that the cosmos are filled only with predatory species, and so the only way to ensure one's survival is to annihilate other life forms upon discovery; this is the only safe course of action. So that's what happened (or almost happened, rather). Triplanetarians discovered us and immediately went to war. (We were as prepared as we could be, given our weaponry's technological status, but honestly our greatest weapon was our superior faster than light travel abilities.)\
\
These three epiphanies formed the basis to a diplomatic solution that ultimately led to a close allied friendship with the Triplanetarians.\
\
We communicated this difference between universal piece computers. We also shared our experience with other cellular lifeforms, our allies (of which they had none, as they were living in isolation). We explained that although the dark forest hypothesis may apply to certain pathological scenarios, there is actually a superior hypothesis that better fits the data and is ultimately more productive: this is the 
\f2\i light forest hypothesis
\f1\i0 . The light forest hypothesis so far has been validated numerous times, and the Triplanetarians were the first case of the dark forest hypothesis that Humans have encountered. (Common belief is that there are some galactic regions where the dark forest hypothesis is the prevailing model, but that is not ours.) The Triplanetarians were stunned. In fact, they were elated, because we offered them immediate refuge and safe--war-free--passage to new homes.\
\
We had one condition though: Triplanetarians must reprogram their universal piece and world piece computers to be biased in terms of our universal piece based in love. They had one thousand years to comply. We programmed an automated smart contract system of overwatch nodes to activate the nano bioweapon in the event of an attack. The nano bioweapon contained a mechanically cryptographic element that would only allow external molecular interaction with presentation of the proper molecular cryptographic key. This was absolute terroristic savagery, but then again, we couldn't just trust them, and the Triplanetarians were used to living in fear so they were surprisingly amiable to the arrangement. They were just happy we wanted to help them find a new safe home world and spread roots to new solar systems.\
\
What we noticed however, was that it only took a couple hundred years for the Triplanetarians to reprogram and evolve their social psyche into one with positive bias, basically overnight. We tested this extensively. We quickly began to collaborate on mutual interests, and once our species' effort were intertwined enough that we were clearly interdependent, we agreed to neutralize the nano bioweapon. This was 790 years ago. Since then we have become partners with a common interest: develop the time machine for peace invention program. (In the case of the Triplanetarians, this meant in part to solve the three-body problem, and learn how to manipulate such systems.) Toward this end we have rigorously applied our shared 
\f2\i qualitative difference physics
\f1\i0  to harness the apparent differences between species for the sake of continued scientific discovery. Derivations and following insights has been fruitful.\
\
Like most serendipity, we made a startling mutual discovery just this year, 1000 years after committing to peace with the Triplanetarians: put plainly, 
\f0\i\b we are actually the same
\f1\i0\b0 . The Triplanetarians provided the final datapoint we needed to draw this conclusion.\
\
(Up to this point, our allies preferred to maintain strict personal boundaries, as they had since the pre-Judeo-Christian era of Humanity. We were not to study each others' bodies nor ecosystems. We did not have access to the bodies of an alien life form, but we communicated, exchanged technology, ideas, and shared spacetime as friendlies.)\
\
By uniting with the Triplanetarians, we finally had the opportunity to compare two evolutionary biomes and their inhabitants one-to-one. Analyzing the difference relationships between countless life forms compared to their evolutionary environmental context, a pattern emerged. As we know now, 
\f2\i Human Nature is general
\f1\i0 , it permeates all living organisms, and only varies by matter of degree. At the lowest level of life, Human Nature reduces to the dimension of 
\f0\i\b taxis
\f1\i0\b0 . Life attracts to stimuli that help it grow, and is repulsed by stimuli that destroy it. Higher up, once 
\f2\i brains
\f1\i0  start to develop, Human Nature takes on higher complexity, introducing phenomena such as 
\f2\i fear
\f1\i0  and 
\f2\i desire
\f1\i0 , further driving the primal dimension of taxis. Eventually we reach the known pinnacles of Human Nature, 
\f2\i highly intelligent life
\f1\i0 . This space of Human Nature is often referred to as 
\f0\i\b universal instinctual tendency
\f1\i0\b0 . Universal Instinctual tendency has a common will: 
\f2\i procreate and complexify
\f1\i0 .\
\
In all cases of instinctual tendency, there is a one-to-one correspondence between the body that experiences taxis, and an inner subjective 
\f2\i feeling
\f1\i0 . In the highest lifeforms with highest complexity, the body additionally takes on the form of 
\f2\i imagination 
\f1\i0 or 
\f2\i self
\f1\i0 , which likewise has a one-to one correspondence with subjective feeling. In organisms with imagination, the imagination itself takes on the will to procreate just like the physical body, but instead of crawling a generalized genetic landscape, is crawls a generalized 
\f2\i memetic
\f1\i0  landscape. This is what we have referred to as 
\f2\i identity
\f1\i0 , each individual being like a species in-and-of itself.\
\
At first glance this really isn't so profound. What is profound is how QDP demonstrates in a testable, predictive way that there exists a one-to-one correspondence between biological form, and subjective experience (after adjusting for difference in language of course). The resulting principle is what is remarkable about this discovery. That is, 
\f0\i\b the principle of qualitative equivalence
\f1\i0\b0 .\
\
Qualitative equivalence means that if two if two organisms share the same physical or imaginary structure, then those two organisms have the 
\f2\i same raw subjective experience
\f1\i0  that correlates with said structure. If we both have cones in our eyes that interact with visible light at around 700 nanometers, then we will both experience the same essence of redness. (However, the words we use to describe the color red my differ, but this is a different conversation.) The differences in experience are generally apparent only, stemming from variation and meaning derived from the context of other, surrounding subjective qualities in an organism's experience space.\
\
There will certainly be skeptics for many years to come, and rightly so. The point is that the mathematics of QDP demonstrate that this equivalence principle is the most rigorous and consistent relation between the objective and the subjective components of an organism. Currently, there is a race to verify the principle via as many different physical experiments as possible. The scientific and mathematical climate is charged.\
\
The implications of qualitative equivalence are vast. Stated without proof, by our current understanding the universe may be expressed as three unified parts: object, image, and mindmachine. There exists a one-to-one correspondence between object and image, linked at points by conscious entities called mindmachines, consciousness being the expression of universal instinctual tendency (Human Nature), and varying by degree.\
\
A mindmachine is what we think of when we think 'life form', and each is driven by Human Nature (ie the universal instinctual tendency). We cannot prove that our form of mindmachine is unique, so for now Humanity specifies that life as we know it is a mindmachine rooted in timespace, and comprised of matter. We are timespace matter mindmachines.\
\
Timespace derived from the obvious fact that qualities and cycles prevails over spacetime (spacetime being just one qualitative dimension of timespace). Matter in this case means the combination of fermionic and bosonic matter, or the material composition of an organism and its self-interaction. Mindmachine is the unique bit, being the literal bridging point between the object of an organism and the inner subjective image. This bridge is what we think of when we think 
\f2\i my sense of self
\f1\i0 . (We must specify that a mechanical object comprised of matter is responsible for the mind, because it may be possible that conscious life forms emerge from a different sort of mechanism, such as in purely within the timespace ideaspace itself, as one hypothesized example.)\
\
All this is significant for a few reasons.\
\
For one, it lends to a possible mechanism that bridges the elusive and enigmatic gap between objective and subjective reality--or that singular entity we know as 
\f2\i self
\f1\i0 . Advanced physicists long ago proposes that the conscious experience is literally the shape that motion of matter makes as it flows throughout the brain, or, our brain's smear through timespace. This is both the photons of a neuronal impulse, and the molecules of a synaptic release. This is our mindmachine in the simplest expression.\
\
Further, the motion of matter changes rate and direction. Physicists believe that the change of rate in matter flow--the acceleration--is ultimately the seat of our self.\
\
The tantalizing suggestion is that actual intelligence is the change in acceleration of this flowing matter within our brains, which may be the change in our sense of self. The hope is that we can identify the seat of consciousness--the free agent--by identifying the source of such changes in acceleration.\
\
Above all the discovery of qualitative equivalence is important because it provides a general construct for describing consciousness, in terms of a general construct that we call the timespace matter mindmachine. By our individual experience, consciousness is a singular irreducible point or space attaching object space to image space. All matter flow through a brain--even spatial translation--may be expressed as rotation about this conscious point. (Recall, motion in a straight line, if relative to a single point, is a form of rotation.)\
\
Thus we find ourselves faced with the grand hypothesis:\
\
Consciousness is the rotation of stuff.\
\
Many of us are aware of how absurd this sounds, especially in the eyes of the ancients. It doesn't matter, for it is the best we have to go off of. Solving the Hard Problem of Consciousness--the question of 
\f2\i why
\f1\i0  our subjective experience feels the way it does--demands a mechanism, even if we don't understand it fully, or even at all.\
\
Let's take a step back to look at the big picture.\
\
The year is 3030 New Global Peace Era, the advent marked by peace with the Triplanetarians. We are still working faithfully on the time machine for peace invention program. Our primary concern is to solve the multi-body problem (the generalized three-body problem) motivated primarily by the imminent threat to the Triplanetarian home worlds. (As we know now, 
\f2\i chaos
\f1\i0  underpinning the multi-body chaotic system is inextricably linked to the irreversibility of time.) The Triplanetarians are exceedingly lucky, but we cannot count on that luck.\
\
On a deeper concern however, we are focused on death. The 
\f2\i second law of thermodynamics
\f1\i0  as specified by our ancient ancestors in the Judeo-Christian Era is just as elusive on the cosmic scale now as it was back then. (We can violate it systematically on a local level, but then again even our ancients could do this with their 
\f2\i refrigeration
\f1\i0  technology, for example--nothing special.) The problem we face is that as far as the evidence is concerned, our universe is still expanding, and we even know now that the rate of acceleration itself may be accelerating. The evidence still suggests the same thing as it did many millennia ago: the 
\f2\i heat death of the universe 
\f1\i0 is inevitable. \
\
Proving we are all the same--that we are all just timespace matter mindmachines who share the same subjective experience, just different aspects of it--is the crucial piece we needed to start really making sense of consciousness in a scientific sense, not just philosophical. That qualitative equivalence is a fundamental aspect of reality, this is the unifying concept we need to make sense of 
\f2\i self
\f1\i0 .\
\
Besides the quacks, we (via our bispecies-wide polydemocratic universal piece governance process) almost unanimously agree that we now have what we need to move forward and commit to the next era of 
\f2\i The Universal Peace Plan
\f1\i0 , the roadmap for the time machine for peace invention program. The New Global Peace Era was very short compared to the Piece Computer Era and the preceding Global Peace Era.\
\
We have waited a long time, put in a staggering number of Human years worth of research and development, and the time has finally come for us to really focus on inventing a way to survive eternity. The year is 3030, the dawn of a new era, the era of the timespace matter mindmachine.}