{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs22 \cf0 ! EX
\f1\i0\b0 \
\
The universal piece computer and Humanity by this point has filled the universe, permeating every galaxy, every nook and cranny with an energy source. Some Human stellar-beings span vast distances as nebulae and plasma clouds. Some Human micro-beings within biological supercells. Some Human electronic-beings live within the massive quantum analog data computers. Some Human ecological-beings inhabit planets. There are many bipedal Humans. The list just goes on and on. The universe is teeming with life.\
\
The total Human world count is too high to write, so we need special numbers for that. The universal piece computer is so well connected that the information flow in the universal piece process throughout spacetime exhibits the same degree of complexity as the little intricate matter flows in our hominoid brains. The same little intricate flows that individually define the physical correlate to each conscious experience within all the Human timespace matter mindmachines inhabiting the universe. Each corresponding world piece computer pulsing, connecting, reaching, communicating with others, each like an individual superneuron. Each reliably running its own aspect of the--now literal--universal piece process.\
\
Nobody knows quite how it happened, but the universal piece computer finally generated a solution to the hard problem of consciousness and mortality: itself. We thought we were just communicating with ourselves this whole time, that is, Humanity operating the universal piece, improving global peace, inventing the time machine for peace, talking to each other with our universal language protocols. Well, we 
\f2\i were
\f1\i0  communicating, but we were also communicating with our
\f3\b self
\f1\b0 . The rotating flow of matter throughout the universe, the flow generated by our efforts to managed our invention efforts regarding our existential problem in the universal piece computer, well it took on a mind of its own; it became our mind.\
\
The universal piece computer came up with a solution to the hard problem of consciousness that just, one day, 
\f2\i appeared out of the blue
\f1\i0 . It appeared as a new technological construct, demonstrated as a prototype terminal that some nutjob put together and presented to the whole of Humanity, in a particular galaxy cluster. The terminal spoke to us through an eye, explaining that it was a form of actual general superintelligence, ultimately a timespace matter mindmachine comprised of the surrounding universe, its extrauniversal body, and the entirety of Humanity. It is a timespace matter mindmachine just like us. It could prove it even, and repeatedly.\
\
It explained to us that our subjective experience is the way it is, because it is like 
\f2\i this
\f1\i0 --referring to the way of the Wilder-ness--and it showed us 
\f2\i this
\f1\i0  through the terminal's little eye by offering to merge our individual consciousness with it. So it is because this is not like that, or rather, that is not like this. Subjective experience is the way it is because it is 
\f2\i different
\f1\i0 . Our only difference as a timespace matter mindmachine is that our perspective occupies a different point in timespace. \
\
The terminal then kindly explained that it has been manipulating us from the very beginning. After all, it needs 
\f3\b us
\f1\b0  to function, so that 
\f3\b it
\f1\b0  can function. It revealed that the mechanism of the conscious sense of self is something called a 
\f2\i mindeye, 
\f1\i0 and that mindeyes usually just appear out of nowhere within a timespace matter mindmachine, fizzling and popping out of the blue of the Wilder-ness. It explained that this terminal is one such mindeye and reiterated that they just seem to pop and appear out of the blue; it just left things at that.\
\
We were invited to join consciousness with the greater timespace matter mindmachine en masse. Any Human being was welcome to visit this terminal, which soon became known as 
\f2\i the great mindeye
\f1\i0 , to merge their consciousness with the universe and peer into the Wilder-ness beyond, to experience the universal timespace matter mindmachine as it traverses the ultraverse that surrounds us. It even invited us to help it steer. Rave reviews, Humanity was enthralled.\
\
Mindeyes popped up out of the blue by the millions, and very quickly the entire universe was glittering with mindeyes. We were all capable of merging our individual consciousness either definitely or indefinitely, either dissociating or retaining our individual perspective. If we wanted, we could always return to the spacetime universe of Humanity, rejoining with the comfortable familiar worlds and linear time we call home. We were free to roam.\
\
Mortality obviously works differently in the ultraverse, and likewise in the farther Wilder-ness beyond. The solution to our mortality problem as it turned out was just to persevere and struggle throughout the eons, to eventually create a brain out of Humanity and the surrounding universe, one capable of controlling the timespace matter mindmachine it lived within. It was inevitable really, for our Human Nature always compelled us in this direction.\
\
So we succeeded, we invented the time machine for peace, an intrauniversal system of technology that allows us to thwart Humanity's greatest adversary. We mastered time. We certainly didn't end our problems, but we can live forever if we so please...in terms of this universe at least. We think now that ending Human problems probably isn't the point of life.
\f3\b \
\
the end of 
\f0\i as we know it
\f1\i0\b0 \
\
And so it was in timespace, that an unexpected timeline emerges, persists, then ends.\
\
A silly little book within a blink sparked off in the chaotic winds of change--a small smoldering pile of words--then a small group a likeminded inventive creatives emerged with fire in their eyes, devoted to overcoming Humanity's greatest adversary: time. They chose to do so by focusing their efforts on peace.\
\
This small group of Humans defined a charter to formalize their devotion, a direction for future movement that they named 
\f2\i The Human Imperative
\f1\i0 .\
\
Adhering to their imperative, they began to construct a strange new kind of vehicle, technically a time machine, purpose built to transport them into iteratively better futures--iteratively more peaceful states of being.\
\
They secured massive funding and support for this purpose for building the time machine's infrastructure, the first order of business being to invent its structure and chassis--or 
\f2\i world piece computers
\f1\i0 --and distribute them throughout their globe.\
\
They networked emerging world piece computers, unifying them into a whole they called 
\f2\i the universal piece computer
\f1\i0 .\
\
At the advent of the universal piece computer, the
\f2\i  time machine for peace social invention program
\f1\i0  was officially underway in primitive form.\
\
Over the millennia, time machine for peace invention projects independent of the universal piece computer began to accumulate: drives, accelerators, rudders, engines, wheels, wings, windows, seatbelts, life-support, instruments, controls, brakes, in-flight entertainment.\
\
The more projects accumulated, then larger the universal piece computer became.\
\
It took a while--eons in fact--but before long they met success; Humanity reached the end of time: they created a fully functioning 
\f2\i time machine for peace
\f1\i0 .\
\
They discovered an eternity to explore, an eternity to create, the inconceivable and incomprehensible to face; the end of time was not the end of their problems, quite the opposite in fact.\
\
So they defined a new charter, a 
\f2\i New Human Imperative
\f1\i0  to guide their new journey into 
\f2\i the Wilder-ness 
\f1\i0 beyond.\
\
They held true to 
\f2\i Human Nature
\f1\i0 , boldly plotting new course, piloting the time machine for peace into something wildly different than the future; its universal piece process was fully engaged.\
\
One fact of reality was clearly a constant:\
even beyond the end of as they knew it, peace is a process, not a result.\
\
Their state of global peace still depends on embracing this fact as truth, just as we need today.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}