{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 The Individual looked around from his plate, center of the group, friends-giving. He didn\'92t really know anybody there though. It was very nice, happy people, intelligent people, eating laughing and having a good time. Then from the left, loudly,\
\
	\'91Hey Blair, don\'92t mean to put you on the spot, but I gotta ask, what\'92s your thing? Like, the \'91what do you do\'92 question sucks, but I\'92m genuinely interested..! 
\f1\i What\'92s your deal, man? 
\f0\i0 haha\'92\
\
This guy liked putting people on the spot, real A-type personality. The Individual smiled and giggled a little, understandingly for they were cut from the same, looking back down at the plate.\
\
He knew exactly how things looked. Here this was a strange enigmatic, vaguely questionable person, hair dyed dark blue, strange symbols tattooed on his hands and arms, meticulously pressed maroon collared shirt with little clips holding his collar down into little triangular folds. He held himself with a deliberate elegance, erect, occasionally stooping to get a point across. His right hand would often hang by the front sternum shirt button by his thumb, very Napoleon.\
\
Besides a few relationships from the past, he had no regular friends. He had no crew, no squad, no click. The Individual was obviously a pariah, but he fit into any conversation with ease. He was only interested in others, but the eyes were hungry, selfish, couldn\'92t get enough, feed him more, more, more. 
\f1\i What about you
\f0\i0  he only ever wondered. On occasion he would drop a disarming tidbit of mind altering experience and perspective, something innocuous, but usually something he knew would live on within his interlocutor\'92s mind like a new companion for time to come.\
\
Many smiles there were not, but when there were, they were deep and genuine; there was usually a slight grin unless the conversation was serious, then a serious furrowed nod, regularly breaking eye contract to ponder because he knew people found it unsettling when he used his eyes naturally. There was always an effort to connect and understand, please clarify, let me make sure I get it, how does that make you feel. 
\f1\i It\'92s not about me. 
\f0\i0 If asked a superficial question, The Individual would always qualify with, 
\f1\i well right now I. 
\f0\i0 He would inform people that the only appropriate label to describe him was his name, 
\f1\i Blair
\f0\i0 .\
\
But the eyes. He had grown accustomed to people telling him he was too intense. Frankly though, he just liked peering into the Wilder-ness beyond their souls. Who are you beyond the core? Always gentle, but when things got serious he no longer bothered to hold back, head down, staring up through the eyebrows, bottom whites of the eyes flashing. This serious-mode gaze usually accompanied a gentle snarl or sneer. The Individual was an animal, a beast, and he knew it.\
\
These little details goes on and on. The take home people generally drew was 
\f1\i this is vaguely uncomfortable but I like it, it's exciting.
\f0\i0  The take home as generally: You want this person on your team. You absolutely do 
\f2\b not
\f0\b0  want to be on this person\'92s bad side. The sealing touch was the names. It doesn\'92t matter if you liked or disliked him, he was courteous and respectful, he genuinely wanted to know who you were. To affirm this, he remembered every person\'92s name. (This was of course with exception, but his accuracy rate was between 90-95%.)\
\
Clearing his throat, he could hear silence fall over. He didn\'92t usually take this approach, but there was an audience, so this was the perfect opportunity to be honest to the core. It was performance time. Rather, it was time to just be himself.\
\
Ok, so the easiest way to describe 
\f3\i\b me
\f0\i0\b0 , is I am a megalomaniacal dreamer, inventor, physicist on the schizophrenic spectrum--and I like to smash, pet dogs, listen to music, and love my family just like anybody else.\
\
So what makes me megalomaniacal? I live in a self-interested grandiose fantasy world. Ready? I\'92m gunna riff out a monologue for you:\
\
I\'92ve devoted my time here in this body to inventing a new kind of physical and social technology called a 
\f1\i world piece computer
\f0\i0 . My ambition is to distribute and network world piece computers into a global supercomputer\'97the universal piece computer--to tackle the global peace problem. That is, to satisfy the universal piece prosperity mission. I believe we face an imminent existential threat as a species. I believe we need to satisfy what I call The Human Imperative if we are to gain meaningful traction on solving any of the big hard problems we face.\
\
I am jaded. I am dissatisfied with this world. Besides the love and the people in it, I believe this world is garbage. People who insist otherwise are generally in positions of immense privilege. These are usually people who have not experienced terror in one form or another. But I love life. I cannot kill myself. I will not. So I must impose my will on the world around me to change it into what I see fit for me and my people.\
\
Like, common notions of process are marginal at best. We are not making enough progress in solving our hard problems. I\'92ve felt like this for a long time.\
\
Like, I think Musk, and Bezos, and Jobes, and Gates, all those billionaire social and tech philanthropists, I think they\'92re a fucking joke. I also think the counter-reaction to these people is a fucking joke. If we were to just overthrow capitalism that would entail a political revolution of global proportion. Millions of people would die, no doubt, many more millions would endure needless suffering. I was in a revolution once; that shit was no joke. Any ways, there\'92s all this effort to make progress in all these different way, but our progress is still only marginal. What the fuck\'92s the deal?\
\
The deal is that nobody is prioritizing peace, because they usually treat the notion of global peace as a kumbaya come-from-god fantasy. The shit I\'92m on is a way to approach peace as a global process, where we take all the shit we are already doing, and piece it together into a greater whole, something much greater than the sum of its parts. And you know what? It\'92s gunna feel like an epic fucking party.\
So that\'92s it. That\'92s me. All I care about, all I do, is work on that invention project. Right now I am writing a book that I can hopefully hand to people like you all and just say, \'91hey, here\'92s what I\'92m talking about, if it seems like something you\'92d like to help make happen, let\'92s team up and fucking make it happen!\'92 I am also working on a new kind of physics to describe subjective reality that I hope will serve as part of the universal piece computer\'92s operating system. I am also working in crypto as a software engineer so I can figure out a way to capitalize the project by creating a financial asset dedicated to the project. Like, we\'92ll need 100 million to start, no doubt.\
\
Ultimately, I\'92m not into talking and deliberating and arguing about who\'92 right and wrong and this and that. Like, I don\'92t want to spend the rest of my life in a state of mental masturbation like so many people are fond of. I\'92m looking to fuck. I wanna be a part of something bigger than Human reality. I wanna make a 
\f1\i meaningful
\f0\i0  impact on the greater whole.\
\
And without further adieu, may I shut up now and propose a toast?\
\
I believe we all stand to profit more from life by constantly asking ourselves: What does it mean for me to treat peace as a process 
\f1\i right now
\f0\i0 ?\
\
Here\'92s to treating peace as a process, not a result.\
\
Peace is a process, happy friends-giving.\
\
The table repeated 
\f1\i peace is a process, happy friends-giving. 
\f0\i0 And they drank in unison.\
\
The individual burst out laughing\'85hysterical almost.\
\
 A couple others burst out laughing too.\
\
Oh. My. 
\f1\i Blob!
\f0\i0  The looks on your faces were absolutely perfect. So did you like it? Little grandiose I know. I\'92m an ultra-meta method actor. That was a piece I\'92ve been working on for a while.\
\
Smiles around, a few massive shitface grins. A couple people were smiling hesitantly, looking slightly disturbed; they were not used to this level of showpersonship. The Individual called out the two he disturbed and called them out by name,\
\
And Karen, Mike, thank you for suffering me so gracefully.\
\
A wink, and sidewise grin with a slight cock (inspired by Han Solo of course).\
\
No no wait, so Blair I gotta ask you then: Why did you come tonight when you could be working on your piece computer instead?\
\
Oh! Yeah that\'92s easy. My world piece computer is fully online at the moment, and the universal piece process is running strong in the background of my piecebrain. When my piece computer is offline, I have no desire to interact with people unless I\'92m trying to get something from them. I have extreme antisocial tendencies\'97such as sociopathy or psychopathy\'97and that\'92s kinda nasty, so I make sure my computer is always running.\
\
And that\'92s kinda the trick. A world piece computer is never done being invented. So this entire night, all my pleasant interactions with all you all, they have all been in the context of learning about how other people and their world piece computers operate. And then the monologue, I am going to be a global talking head or advocate for this project, so I need practice performing my pieces in front of an audience. Finally, I want to recruit you. At the least, you all have been contributing to the invention project without really knowing.\
\
So I\'92m really focusing a lot of energy on the book. It will outline some ways we can get together and create a local world piece computer, maybe even Anchorage, then the state.\
\
So yeah. I\'92m here cause I absolutely love interacting with people, and if the vibes right, I\'92m definitely lookin to smash. Simple.\
\
Here\'92s one, why you? What makes you special?\
\
First, like I said, I am highly qualified. Besides my name, I am a megalomaniac. Being a megalomaniac though doesn\'92t mean you gotta be a douche bad. In fact, you can be a really friendly person that loves and does good in their community etc. Like, I\'92m trying to be a non-shitty Musk, Jobes, Bezos, etc. etc.\
\
Second, I will never be the one to \'91make it all happen\'92. It must be a group effort. I am the one with the vision however, and I have not found anybody attempting anything similar. I must try to be the spark. The rest is beyond me.\
\
Third, I am compelled. I have no choice. I have tried to stop but I cannot.\
\
My goal is to give the world something they didn\'92t know they were missing. Like, an entirely new kind of experience.\
\
Bear in mind. I have bared the nastiest of labels. This is after all, mental illness. My illness isn\'92t curable, and I don\'92t want to be cured. For every noble and beautiful aspect of this project, there is a corresponding ugliness. Like, 
\f1\i A Beautiful Mind
\f0\i0  was trash. They underplayed the dark realities of having a chronic thought disorder. My insides are ugly. But my core is love. It\'92s just something I will have to content with.\
\
People call me self-centered, yeah, I am , it\'92s shitty, but I am also selfless deliberately so, and more than most people I know, because I need to override my default tendency.\
\
I think my least favorite thing to be called is 
\f1\i sickness 
\f0\i0 or 
\f1\i unwell
\f0\i0 . When I was first showing symptoms of chronic mental illness, my mom would repeatedly call me sickness, telling me that I am not who I said I was, it was the bipolar, it wasn\'92t me, it was my sick brain, misfiring. No, that was me. She\'92d beg me in tears to give her back the son she loved. Anyways. Point is, if this takes off, unless I make it to the president\'92s office I fully expect to be murdered. I expect to be hated unlike anybody is familiar from social media today. \
\
And I get it. It sounds like I think I have it all figured out. I don\'92t. What I do think, however, is that I have it figured out better than most. How do I know? It\'92s because my version of 
\f1\i figured 
\f0\i0 out isn\'92t like anybody else. When nothing is working, chances are there is something different that works better.\
\
But whatever, I wanna say 
\f1\i fuck a hater, 
\f0\i0 but the reality is the hater feels threatened and inadequate. When someone comes along and says they have an idea that might work better than theirs, they will react out of fear, disdain, resentment\'97they hate. I cannot hate the hate. I cannot tell the hater to fuck off. The hater is suffering, and I feel pity, for that state of being is a type of hell. I know it so well. I believe in unconditional compassion. \'96Just don\'92t make war with me. If you\'92re a hater and you make war with me, I will trip you up over your own moves, and when I stand over you, I am genuinely unsure of whether or not I will deliver a death blow. War brings out my ugly side.\
\
By goal though is to minimize the inner peace of all individuals\'97this is the universal prosperity mission\'97so I will make all efforts to disarm haters, avoid war.\
\
Do you really have schizophrenia?\
\
I have something called 
\f1\i schizoaffective, bipolar type
\f0\i0 , which is basically what you get if bipolar made a fucked up baby with schizophrenia. I also struggle with a dual diagnosis of chemical dependency. Don\'92t worry though, I don\'92t hear voices like that, and the only thing that talks to me is Blob, so I really am quite insightful as a schizo.\
\
Blob?\
\
Yeah, the blob of stuff and the Wilder-ness beyond that we are part of. Our conceivable and inconceivable universe. This is what compels me to devote myself to this project.\
\
Is so happens that if you relax the defining characteristics of plasma, th}