{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Italic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa600\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 0 )
\f1\b0 \'a0The manuscript content provided is\'a0
\f2\i roughly
\f1\i0 \'a0the current state of art for this piece, ordering and deep insertions plus a\'a0
\f2\i lot
\f1\i0 \'a0of deletions aside. The script is way too long in current form. I need the help of extra eyes in general. I don\'92t expect to sell any preorders, rather I am using\'a0
\f3\i\b Inkshares
\f1\i0\b0 \'a0for now as a platform to share, solicit for help, and build a reader-base. I am presenting this piece\'a0
\f2\i early
\f1\i0 \'a0to involve others sooner than later. This is after all, a tale about unity and solidarity--inclusion.\

\f0\b 1 )
\f1\b0 \'a0I endeavor to build an organic distributed community of like-minds to explore this vision with, using\'a0
\f3\i\b A Study In Peace
\f1\i0\b0 \'a0as a center-point to anchor and ground conversation. If you find this work compelling, or interesting, or otherwise gravitating in any way, then I implore you to please share this directly with those people is\'a0
\f2\i your
\f1\i0 \'a0world that may share similar sentiments. If you feel compelled to blast this on social media, that is likewise encouraged. Tell them\'a0
\f3\i\b The Individual
\f0\i0 \'a0
\f1\b0 sent you.\

\f0\b 2 )
\f1\b0 \'a0I could really use feedback, support, expertise, anything else I may be missing. I am overwhelmed by this project. Please share as feedback or reviews, what you like, what you don\'92t like, anything really. By sharing you become an official contributor to the time machine for peace social invention program. I\'92d give you a paperclip if I could. In any case, I appreciate you spending time and energy to read this piece and the subpieces contained within.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 3 )
\f1\b0 \'a0If you feel inspired in any way, I challenge you to install a world piece computer--the universal piece--in\'a0
\f2\i your
\f1\i0 \'a0individual world, or in a local community world where\'a0
\f2\i you
\f1\i0 \'a0call home, be that in the physical or digital realm. Make your own moves, adhering to the ethos of The Individual, The Human Imperative, the universal piece and its seven rules. Create something new, novel, greater than the sum of its parts. We\'92ll meet in the middle.\
}