{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 1-7 Peace / Piece Computers\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Before we broach section 2, although there are many motivations, let's take a moment to go over the primary motivation underpinning the contents.\
\
We have established that for global peace to make sense, we must adopt peace as a process that we define as the universal piece. At the global scale -- even local and individual \'96 the universal piece process involves a massive amount of data, variables, and information. In mathematics, the universal piece may be considered the iterative solution to what we call an 'optimization problem'. The specific optimization problem is to find the best way to arrange all the individual worlds, group worlds, and other worlds, such that good stuff is maximized and bad stuff is minimized. This is a very large number of objects, variables, and conditions to account for.\
\
Solving optimization problems that have many variables quickly becomes impossible to so by hand due to the amount of work involved. However, to the delight of modern mathematics and engineering, we invented the classical electronic computer to perform all the heavy lifting for optimization problems. Ever since the advent of the electronic computer, we have been using them to solve complex mathematics and engineering problems, responsible for the marvels of technology as we know today. There are limits to classical electronic computers regarding optimization problem -- this is where quantum computer becomes relevant -- but for now we should skip talking quantum.\
\
So we have a spectacularly epic optimization problem -- global peace. The universal piece is the singular process that iteratively solves global peace. So here we are. We have an optimization problem and we have a process to solve the problem. If only we had something that could help us run the process faster, with more data and capacity!\
\
Thus it makes sense that if computers are good at processing data (using the Von Neumann load-store architecture), and if they are good at running programs to solve optimization problems, then if we want global peace to happen then we should probably invent a special purpose computer that runs the universal piece process nonstop. This special computer will be called 'the universal piece computer' from now on, and by definition there may only be one.\
\
Due to the vast computational needs for such a large optimization problem, logic would suggest the compute power (hardware) should be distributed on a global scale and decentralized. What we would have as a basic shape for the universal piece computer would be a network of compute nodes -- or clusters -- spread out across the planet. In the world of classical computers we typically form large computers out of many smaller computers. Networking techniques that make the internet possible also make bonding computers into a single computer possible.\
\
At this point we have painted a picture of a single special computer spread out across the planet. It runs a single process that solves a single optimization problem to calculate the best configuration of Human worlds in a given moment. Let's go ahead an use a new vocabulary term introduced in the last part. We shall refer to Human worlds as being 'world pieces', and these are the objects that the universal piecce computer generates optimized configurations for.\
\
Because compute nodes for the universal piece computer will always be controlled by somebody, these individual nodes will exist within a world piece, which is Human world that contains the node. To actually implement the universal piece computer, it will make most sense to create nodes that are their own individual computers. Just like the universal piece computer as a whole, these smaller computers will help run universal piece by running just the portion of the universal piece that serves their own world. We shall call each one of these contributing computers a 'world piece computer'. Unlike the universal piecece computer, world piece computers are 
\f2\i plural
\f1\i0 , but only one world piece computer may be controlled by a single world at any given time.\
\
The universal piece running within a world piece computer is a little different than running globally as a whole on the universal piece computer. In a world, the process of creating, returning to, and maintaining good and pleasant times is still the (same) universal piece, but the specific objects that the universal piece is solving the optimization problem for are 
\f2\i both
\f1\i0  other world pieces (those not controlled by this Human world) and for simple non world pieces on their own. Pieces within a world piece may be any significant thing within that world. If you have a rain jacket in your backpack and a storm falls, your world piece computer will recognize that your rain jacket piece should be reconfigured so to be positioned on your torso. This will get the operator back to the pleasant experience of 'warm and dry'.\
\
That should do it for now. The universal piece computer is comprised of participating world piece computers all contributing to the singular process of the universal piece. Each world piece computer runs the universal piece for its own world's pieces. World pieces that do not participate in running the universal piece are still included in global peace configuration solutions. And gluing all this together? To unify all of the above we naturally fall back to the modern communications infrastructure brought to us in large part by the innovating forces of 
\f2\i capitalism
\f1\i0 !\
\
This ends Part 1. Now we make a deeper dive into more about how the universal piece computer works.}