{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Near-Future Piece: 5 PCE - The piece exchange.
\f1\i\b0 \
\
\
>>	It's all so 
\f2\b democratic
\f1\b0 .\
\
<<	I know! It's kinda the point. 
\f2\b True
\f1\b0 , and 
\f2\b real time
\f1\b0 , representative democracy. But the topology isn't flat to two or three levels like the modern American form. It's tree-like, fractal, as deep as it needs to be, even looping in places. Representatives for constituent-representatives for constituent-representatives for constituents etcetera.\
\
>>	So like, democracy is what controls the movement of the universal piece.\
\
<<	Yes. Democracy is an aspect of the piecebrain and an essential feature of the universal piece.\
\
>>	At the level of the universal piece computer, how often would 
\f2\b all 
\f1\b0 individual persons vote on something, in the pure sense?\
\
<<	As infrequently as possible. The universal piece is programmed to favor representative democracy over pure democracy. There may be something similar to an electoral college to further even high level individual initiatives.\
\
>>	Don't we want things as democratic as possible? Why not just have everybody vote?\
\
<<	No.\
\
>>	Why?\
\
<<	We need to protect the minority from the tyranny of the majority, to steal a phrase from James Madison.\
\
>>	Ok, I've heard that phrase before.. Go on?\
\
<<	Protecting the minorities from the tyranny of the majorities is the paramount concern. This is another peace bias: favor the minority over the majority. There is a special type of wisdom that minorities possess. The minorities are however, always prone to suppression and oppression. The group mind is an oppressive force, generally driven by fear, xenophobia. I think the group mind will likely be our last great oppressor as a species.\
\
>>	What are some examples?\
\
<<	Majority rule oppression is the basis of slavery. If you are a slave for labor, the surrounding society condones your forced labor. Combine this with a monopoly over violence and boom--you're an enslaved minority who can't do much about it.\
\
>>	I buy that.\
\
<<	Likewise capitalism. Capitalism isn't an oppressive slavery machine because some wealthy elite control the helm, no. Capitalism is group think. The majority of participants prefer capitalism I think. It's only the lowest socioeconomic classes, maybe lower middle class too, who think capitalism is an abhorrent form of slavery. The rest are all content with their nice things and American dreams.\
\
>>	Maybe a stretch but I see it.\
\
<<	Another great example is the social media hate-mob. Often if you're a dissenter in a large social media conversation, the majority will quickly oppress you, and as harshly as possible, resorting to downright vile psychological pressure tactics--social violence.\
\
<<	Anyway.\
\
>>	Yeah that stuff's all so messed up.\
\
<<	Yes messed up, but nah, I won't
\f2\b  villianize
\f1\b0  the majority, there's no point--it is a 
\f2\b virtue-signaling waste of precious breath and energy 
\f1\b0 to villianize the majority. (Not of course that virtue-signaling is all bad; it helps to signal your virtues, but for most people that's all they do. All talk no walk.) If you buy into villianizing the majority, you just end up like, trapped in one of those shitty movies where a minority fights the impossible never-ending war against the majority. The main characters only ever make marginal progress--at best.\
\
<<	I'd just say majority tyranny is just another facet of Human Nature that we must accept and learn to contend with. We must harness our oppressor--we must harness groupthink.\
\
>>	That's a lot of food for thought. Thank you for conversing with me! I need to go find my family now though.\
\
<< yellow paperclip >>
\f2\b \
\
}