{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 			      __: 0x62b8e2d\
			     /\
0xf9d7c32 __: 0x7254a81  ::   MAINBRANCH,    
\f1\i\b CPFE
\f0\i0\b0 \
\
Humanity made it to the main branch of the Computational Pieace Fractal Era. By this point we can honestly say we know some things about what lies beyond our universe, the incomprehensible. Extrauniversal mathematics has made strides in the past thousand years or so. (Recall, we can create definite symbols to represent the unknowable and the incomprehensible.) We manipulate our symbols of the unknown to derive the properties of incomprehensibility itself. Some interesting insights have emerged.\
\
One pesky concept from the superancient times stuck around: the Rayleigh Criterion for the resolution limits of light probes. As we have know since the beginning, our ability to resolve (or see clearly or measure) an object (measure its size) is limited by the size of the probe that is measuring an object. In other words, with visible light, we see solid objects, even if we zoom in as far as we can. But, if we use electrons instead of light, the size of the probe (the electrons wiggling in an electron beam) is much smaller than the wavelength of light, so we see that the once solid object is actually made up of little atoms. These atoms still look solid though, and so on.\
\
As we know now, boundaries separating an objects inner and outer physical spaces are only apparent. There is a consistent blur between all things, and the common belief among physicists is that this blur extends anywhere there is a gravitational field present. In other words, the universe is just a big massive evolving matter blob. Within the concept space of the incomprehensible, we call this type of blob a 
\f2\i computational pieace fractal
\f0\i0 . Mathematicians will tell you, the universe is 
\f2\i smooth
\f0\i0 .\
\
Along these lines, we now believe that timespace matter mindmachines are fundamental, meaning, any distinct physical object is one. We believe that the mechanism of consciousness (that we still haven't cracked) is the mechanism that differentiates the matter blob into parts, from the subjective image perspective. The stuff that flies around in the universe are all timespace matter mindmachines, and are responsible for the differentiation of stuff itself. This idea may be extended to the matter singularity concept as a whole, where the 
\f2\i panpsychist
\f0\i0  interpretation of consciousness suggests that the universe may itself be a conscious timespace matter mindmachine, exercising the universal 
\f2\i will
\f0\i0  that all timespace matter mindmachines share.\
\
That is, another insight is that evolution appears to be universal, driven by timespace matter mindmachines, and it does not appear to be random. In fact, the evolution of the matter blob seems to be driven by a maximization principle, where matter takes on an anthropomorphized 
\f2\i will
\f0\i0 . Matter seems to want to maximize the complexity of the universe, and it does so through a continuous creative and destructive process.\
\
Even particles may be treated as a TMM, as every particle 'senses' field, has an object, and an experience of its surroundings. We look at mass and the tendency of a particle to exercise 
\f2\i free won't
\f0\i0 , but almost always relenting to the external forces that influence it. For the particle however, there is always a momentary pause before it begins to change its way under the influence of a force. But let's not get lost in the weeds.\
\
Now the efforts are to understand the nature of blob's differentiation. We wish to know how and why blob breaks into objects and experiences like it does. As it happens, Humanity still relies on the universal piece computer to manage its peace process. This began with the superancients though, in an effort to manage the multitude of pieces in a given world, by creating the general piece computer. The insight back then was that there is a lot of stuff, there are many things, but only some of these things are significant to Humanity, or people. These privileged things were called 'pieces' in the ancient English language. (The interesting coincidence was that the word 
\f2\i piece
\f0\i0  happened to be homonymous to the word 
\f2\i peace
\f0\i0 .) The first piece computers were world piece computers implemented for individual Humans, with the goal to manage all that person's pieces in a way that maximizes their sense of inner peace. This was an inner will, a drive. It still is.\
\
As a description of reality however, the matter blob falls short of satisfactory because it does not include the incomprehensible. At this point in our evolution as a species in timespace, call the combination of blob and the inconceivable simply BLOB (or 'capital blob' if context is ambiguous). People who study the relationship between blob and BLOB (primarily mathematicians, physicists, philosophers, theologians) are what was call 
\f2\i capital blob theorists
\f0\i0 . Capital blob theorists have an exceedingly important role in the time machine for peace social invention program, and many onlookers hold out hope for them solving the mortality problem.\
\
Today the first world piece computer from a different galaxy connected to the universal piece computer. Humanity coordinated a super epic interstellar party. Word is we might supernovae a few isolated stars for galactic fireworks. Tonight's going to be a good night.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}