{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 The gamble.
\f1\b0 \
\
This project may be appropriated at any time by non peaceful entities or groups, especially under the guise of pursuing different versions of peace. This is ok, and welcome. However, the big gamble is that implementing world piece computers will be much harder for the morally and technically uninitiated. In other words, the gamble is that people who do not hold these values\'97or they hold very few of them\'97will be relatively unsuccessful at influencing the universal piece computer as a whole. If any antitypical world piece computer is successful, then this means that by definition the computers have successfully integrated into the universal piece computer.\
The role of the universal piece computer in a strict practical sense is to unify/arrange/integrate worlds in ever increasingly better ways. Having the universal piece computer as an intermediary will therefore be better than having a group of people who share antitypical values with no computer alone.\
To protect against malicious appropriation however, the time machine for peace universal and world piece computers have corresponding trademarked symbols, which shall serve as a mark of confidence and good behavior for anybody wishing to contribute their intellectual or personal property to the universal. Likewise, critical literary and communication pieces will employ a cryptographic blockhashing scheme as demonstrated in this book. This goes the same for verifying Individual authenticity of online posts to social media, etc.\
The origin hash for all future hash chains shall be the SHA256 hash from the contents of this book, excluding cover and dustsleeve materials.}