{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 State of being.
\f1\i \
\
Pre Piece Computer Era: -21 PCE
\f2\b0 \
\
It was another visitation from the Terror Singularity, middle of the night, a time that should be a time of peace. Peaceful sleep, interrupted by the presence of the singularity. Heavy. Looming. Impending doom. Wide awake.\
\
The complete absence of the ego and super ego. The absence of this world, now simply the Terror Singularity. Pure id. Pure emotional experience, terror. Complete dissociation of self. The presence is watching. FEAR. Feet away, right there, the Terror Singularity in its entirety. Watching. Looming. PARALYSIS. It moves closer. PAIN.\
\
Moving closer, the weight of its presence begins to press in. This is the end. PANIC. PARALYSIS. CAN'T CRY OUT. Stammering yelps, attempts to cry out for help, the word help is simply meaningless. Must call for help. PARALYSIS. It makes contact. The crushing begins.\
\
PANIC. The end is happening. Yelps finally break the paralysis, becoming shrieks, yells, pain, terror. MOVE. Crawling away from the singular crush. Not fast enough. Can't control it any longer, PANIC. Screaming. Trapped in a corner. FREAK. Crushing to death, slowly by the terror, screaming, shrieking, yelling, the presence, its weight, its singular eye pressing against the body, crushing the body. HORROR. Wide awake, but not for long. HORROR. This is the end. TERROR. Body convulsing in TERROR. the singular terror of crush TERROR. screaming TERROR. screaming TERROR. screaming TERROR.TERROR.TERROR.TERROR.\
TERROR.TERROR.TERROR.\
TERROR.TERROR.\
TERROR.\
TERR--\
\

\f1\b --death moment--
\f2\b0 \
\
--wash of peace. That was death by terror. Heart racing, sweat, but in this case reborn. Awake finally, the self at least, but the Terror Singularity, vanished. Sense of self returned, reattached. Where am 
\f1\b I
\f2\b0 . ? Bewilderment. What is this little room I am in. Closet. Why are the lights on. What is all this fabric wrapped around the body. Clothes, blankets. People are talking urgently; what are they saying.The memories flood back. 
\f1\b I
\f2\b0 . The concept of self in terms of those past memories makes little to no sense. This was a rebirth. It would take a few weeks to reach the point where the 
\f1\b I 
\f2\b0 will think in terms of self again. Another rebirth. The emotional drain, beyond taxing--traumatic, violent, death, terror. Those who experience the Terror Singularity know that all terror is the same singularity. In terror, death is the relief. PEACE.\
\

\f3\i0 The individual was born, yet again. It's parents surrounding, urgently asking if it was ok, what's the 
\f2\i matter
\f3\i0 . This matter, was a 
\f2\i night terror
\f3\i0 , a type of sleep disturbance, not a nightmare; they would grow used to them, but not really. No. It was not ok. This individual didn't ask to be here, to experience 
\f2\i that
\f3\i0 . Nobody should ever have to experience 
\f2\i that.
\f3\i0 \
\
And so began the world differentiation phase of the individual's growth. It would be a long process, one wrought with war, but with just enough peace to have hope, to hang in there, to see it through.\
\
This was one of many, but not. Many never make it through the world differentiation phase. Not many make it past becoming, the state of being. 
\f2\i Many never make it past the death moment.
\f3\i0  This individual was the manifestation of death by terror.\
\

\f1\i\b -6 PCE
\f2\b0 \
\
Love!! The antithesis! This is the cure. I don't understand it, and it is likewise a singularity. The Love Singularity. We must meet at the Love Singularity if we are to thwart the Terror Singularity!\
\

\f1\b -1 PCE\
\

\f3\i0\b0 The wind rustled consistently against the tent walls, the orange fabric fluttering, the glow of orange painting all the colors differently. It was cold out, but this was a place of peace.\
\
The individual inhabiting this tent was immersed in the work brought along on this mountain camping trip. There was a stack of paper, full of equations. Some sheets held derivations of well known results in modern physics. Some sheets, boundary value problems and various eigenfunction expansions. Some sheets, something different. The individual's ego, completely dissociated, super ego absorbed in that something different:\
\

\f2\i If we take the Fourier transform of every quality known, even treating the time derivatives of objects in space as qualities themselves, sampled at every point of spacetime, we would have the harmonic content of qualitative experience embedded in spacetime--its correlate in other words.\
\

\f3\i0 The individual quickly invented a notation that took 
\f2\i n
\f3\i0  scalar functions of four-space (where 
\f2\i n
\f3\i0  was the number of possible qualities, including things like 
\f2\i object position
\f3\i0 , and 
\f2\i orientation
\f3\i0 , and 
\f2\i time derivative
\f3\i0 ) and produced a set of 
\f2\i n
\f3\i0  transformed scalar functions of the energy/time four-space conjugate.\
\

\f2\i This is the timespace. Perhaps for now I will use 
\f1\b timespace
\f0\i0  
\f2\i\b0 to denote the space of all qualitative things.\
\

\f3\i0 The individual thought for a while, staring out over looming mountain tops that surround that fragile little fabric bubble.\
\

\f2\i NO. Dammit. Momentum in natural units is just the time derivative of space. What would the spatial time derivative as a quality transform to? Quality momentum, quality velocity scaled by some quality mass, a source of inertia? And do I treat gravitational and inertial mass as a quality?--certainly so.\
\
I guess treating velocity and acceleration as qualities would just mean that their conjugates are their time derivatives. So, the conjugate of velocity would be acceleration. Interesting. How far up would this cascade of higher derivatives go? Rather, what is the dimensionality of timespace? It must be dimensionality = n, the number of qualities + m, number of time and space derivatives, where m is limited to the complexity of the system's expression, for spacetime derivates eventually go to zero. Or do they?\
\
How would I notate this? I have no idea.\
\

\f3\i0 The individual went back to scribbling orderly pencil scribbles, and furiously. Too complicated. A thought:\
\

\f2\i Let's keep things simple for now and just focus on time. What if time is more fundamental than space? Well, at least in a subjective sense. What if, the subjective experience of a quality implies comparison. If comparison is implied, then this further implies that whatever comparison operation that defines conscious experience is responsible for metering our experience of time. But if we are all just objects experiencing this subjective image, then everything--all matter--has a comparison process that meters time--a set of cycles, all qualitative traits of an objects experience.\
\

\f3\i0 Pause.
\f2\i \
\
Perhaps the real space is this timespace, a space not of point masses, but of loops. Each loop is a different qualitative comparison cycle. What if we think in terms of a Fourier Transform of spacetime 
\f1\b itself
\f2\b0 , not just a function of spacetime. Timespace, a conjugate to the spacetime manifold, and certainly extending beyond spacetime to encompass the realm of complex qualities, such as concepts and symbols.\
\

\f3\i0 Pause. A gust of wind shuddered the tent.\
\

\f2\i For now I'll just keep things simple though and treat timespace as a simple space that envelops spacetime, where quality is an emergent phenomenon, a property of timeloops, not dimensions of timespace itself. Timespace is certainly overlapping with spacetime, and the matter and geometry of spacetime may be evolving as an object in timespace. Perhaps spacetime is the fundamental emergent quality of timespace. What do objects in spacetime experience? They experience inertia, or mass. They experience gravity. They experience acceleration. They experience speed and finally position.\
\
Well what are the aspects of those experiences? Spacetime contains bosonic matter and fermionic matter. Ok ok, Jim, cool it, mass equal to zero is a mass, too. Fermionic matter obeys the exclusion principle. It makes it so electrons and their atoms don't collapse, thus the electromagnetic force has a chance to come into play and create physical objects. Objects cannot overlap, just like the fermions that comprise them. When objects come into contact, the experience the quality of 
\f1\b feeling
\f2\b0 . Otherwise, objects use bosons to experience each other, and this is the quality of 
\f1\b seeing
\f2\b0 . Interesting. Feeling is to objects as seeing is to images. Fermions are to objects and bosons are to images. Everything may be decomposed into two parts: object, and image, their product operator being the unknown in between, the experience of a matter mindmachine.\

\f3\i0 Cold rain began to patter on the tent. This was the individual's favorite combination of qualities: the cold but cozy sleeping bag nest with paper everywhere, wind and rain rhythmically playing on the drum-like membrane of that tent geometry.\
\

\f2\i My goal is to understand the behavior experience of conscious agents, objects living in timespace that have 
\f1\b experience
\f2\b0 , the space of transformation and cycles. 
\f1\b My goal is to understand the operation of the timespace matter mindmachine
\f2\b0 .
\f3\i0 \
\
Things were certainly coming together.\
\

\f2\i Maybe I will start by studying a combined space, timespace and spacetime, and a global time parameter--the meter.\
\

\f3\i0 The individual wrote out a seven-dimensional tuplet, tau where the time dimension of spacetime was typically written, then an extra dimension of time for each physical spatial dimension.\
\

\f2\i (T, tx, x, ty, y, tz, z). What would the individual time dimensions even accomplish? Well for one, they could explain why contact with a massive static object in a gravitational reference frame feels like a non-inertial frame undergoing constant acceleration. Yeah. \
\

\f1\b -0.5 PCE\
\

\f3\i0\b0 There was a little 
\f2\i pop
\f3\i0  of a thought within the symbolic thermal noise, the boiling 
\f2\i fizzle
\f3\i0  that was the individual's experience:
\f2\i \
\
Maybe, if we relax the criterion for defining plasma, just slightly, we can think of the universe as a singular energetic blob of matter. Add general evolution--the tendency for matter to complexify over time--and we then may think of the universe as a giant intelligent blob. But what about the inconceivable? Glob the inconceivable beyond this universe into blob and just call the whole of it  Blob. We must know Blob.\
\
Time is more fundamental than space. One cannot measure distance without time, one cannot even observe a point in space without time. And in the cosmic grand sense, all distance is expressed in terms of time. This is the 
\f1\b lightyear
\f2\b0 .\
\
I've been here before. To know Blob, we must construct a new physical theory of reality, strictly in terms of matter (stuff) and time.\
\
An intelligent evolving matter blob in timespace, a space of evolving cycles.\
\
Intelligence is something a mind has, and our minds are hosted by brains, which have a mechanical quality.\
\
We are timespace matter mindmachines. What is the nature of a timespace matter mindmachine?\
\
Our minds are curious.\
\
However it works, timespace matter mindmachines seek to understand Blob.\
\
Timespace matter mindmachines are the free agents of Blob.\
\
We must know Blob.\
\
}