{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
If anything, the spy gam--\
\

\f1\b WHAAAAAAAAAA *LURCH* AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !\
\

\f0\b0 The small single-prop Beechcraft Bonanza spooled up to high RPM first, then lurched forward when the brakes released, breaking the momentary exploratory daydream. This was a maximum performance takeoff from the start of the extremely short landing strip. Failure to gain enough speed by the end of the runway was a certain collision into a grove of short birch trees, most likely ending up in crash landing into the the river a hundred or so yards away. The river wasn't quite frozen over thick. Bailing in the freezing murky water in arctic gear could mean certain death, especially if the wreckage drifted under the thin ice in the current. This really was a dangerous situation. To complicate things, it was extremely windy that day. Just another day at the office. But the individual really wasn't concerned anymore about these kind of situations. Besides, he had too much on his mind that day.\
\

\f2\i I almost ruined several lives. I almost disrupted the precarious balance of an entire world, an entire community. I almost meddled. I detest meddlers. Thank you Evad, for your wisdom. Why did that happen? Why did I come so close to ruining the lives of people I know not of? Oh. I was in soldier mode.
\f0\i0 \
\
In that moment, the individual and the pilot were lifting off after a visit to Nomel Village, interior Alaska. Nomel Village was a small remote rural community, about 20 inhabitants. There were no roads, only a river, an extremely short landing strip, and a network of wheeler and snowgo trails. This village was once much larger and motivating landline long distance provided over satellite transport by TT&A, a national telecom company. In this case, TT&A was the carrier of last resort, which meant it was legally obligated to continue providing service to Nomel Village, even though the place was extremely expensive to maintain with such a low number of paying customers. If any of the satellite equipment broke down, is was a mandatory $5000 charter, plus the equipment and labor of the dispatched technician.\
\
The individual was was infatuated by the concept of the spy in that particular instant. He just met one, deep undercover, on a mission. One person, embedded within a community of twenty. This man, the mission was everything to him. The individual was infatuated by the realization that being a soldier will never work. Sometimes soldier are needed to fight, but they will never be the ones to win the war or keep the peace. That job is up to the spies. The intelligence gatherers, the manipulators, the string pullers, the secret keepers.\
\
This particular spy's name was Jim. Jim was a missionary, on the mission to spread the word of the Lord. Jim had spent the past ten years integrating into that small community. From Jim's perspective, his cover was transparent, but this man being the missionary had access to all the confessions and dramas of this small community. Jim knew all the secrets. To betray one would be to betray the confidence of the entire village. To betray one would mean certain expulsion from Nomel Village, thus ruining all the work he had done over the past ten years toward saving these people. For Jim, failing his mission would be certain identity death. For Jim it would be worse than death.\
\
The individual recounted the chain of events:\
\
When the individual first arrived at the village, there was no greeting like usual. Something was different, wrong. The individual at this point believed that there was a problem with the telecom site, something he needed to fix. The telephones were 
\f2\i so
\f0\i0  
\f2\i important
\f0\i0  to these people. Telephone landline service in this village was equivalent to cell service in a city. These people's entire lives relied on those telephones. When the phones go down, they need to be restored as soon as possible. Period. There was usually someone who would meet the plane to help the arriving technician by hauling their gear and their person in a sled towed behind a snow machine, the snowgo as they're often called.\
\
Sensing something off, the individual lashed a rope to his main pelican case containing all the essential tools and instruments. He flipped it onto its lid, turning it into a fifty pound sled and drug it through the snow with his fifty pound backpack several hundred yards up to the telecom site, the large four-meter satellite dish overshadowing the little hut that controlled it. At this point the individual trudged up to the door of that little hut to unlock it an get to work troubleshooting the satellite T1 transport system. He got the combination right, popped the lock open, then opened up the door. Darkness. His heart sank. All that work put into arranging and executing that trip.\
\

\f2\i Mother fucker. MOTHER. FUCKER.\
\

\f0\i0 The individual reflected on how angry that made him. Nothing was wrong. The fucking generator was down and the site had no power. That's it.\
\

\f2\i Maybe something was wrong with Donnie? He has a sat phone.\
\

\f0\i0 Donnie was employed by the local telco. He was the one person responsible for dealing with the telephone lines themselves and keeping the site powered up. When the generator breaks down, Donnie had one job: fix the generator. One job. He was pretty good about getting it fixed within a day, and if not, we would be in contact with the Anchorage based telco office looking for parts and checking in. The individual had checked with the local telco before traveling because the generator 
\f2\i was 
\f0\i0 an issue. But nobody there heard from Donnie. Something was wrong. The individual was worried. He and Donnie had grown close.\
\
Turning around to trudge around looking for clues, a white man approached. This was an Alaska Native village. This man was clearly an outsider, and well-worn too, it was Jim. The two talked. Jim seemed hesitant to go into detail about why the generator was down. The individual had a coercive way with words though, so Jim relented. The individual found out Donnie was on a two day bender, drunk.\
\

\f2\i Drunk. Fuck Donnie, you mother fucker. You crossed a line buddy...you don't get to get away with that, no, not on my watch.
\f0\i0 \
\
The individual knew Donnie drank, but he didn't know it was this bad. The individual, angry now, interrogated Jim. Where is Donnie. We're going to talk. He's at his place. Jim realized what was running through the individual's mind. The individual had already hatched a plan to report Donnie to the local telco. Somebody else could to the job. Donnie's time just ran out, and the individual was set on enforcing it.\
\

\f2\i Time to confront Donnie.\
\

\f0\i0 Jim swooped in, firmly grabbing the individual's arm, in his eyes fear, 
\f2\i pleading
\f0\i0 . Pleading, Jim begged the individual not to confront Donnie about the drinking. A grown man, begging as if their lives depended on it. He explained that if the individual confronted Donnie about the drinking and reported him to the telco, then Donnie would know Jim snitched him out. Things had been tense in Nomel Village. Besides, there was alcohol involved, and there were always guns involved in rural Alaska. Donnie was powerful and 
\f2\i would 
\f0\i0 expel Jim if he knew he betrayed him. Jim's mission would be devastated. Donnie would be acting in revenge for losing his livelihood, his only source of income with nothing but that small little village to fall back on--no opportunities. Donnie had a wife and kids. Further, Jim being the village missionary, was actually more practically serving as the village therapist. Many in that tiny village depended on Jim for their sense of personal well being. Jim was one of the centerpoints for that primitive world piece computer called Nomel Village.\
\
The individual was faced with a choice: report Donnie and disrupt an entire community, or keep things under wraps. The individual believed in warnings and second chances. Besides, he had no problem withholding details if it meant helping people. The reality is, Donnie was an alcoholic. Stripping away his livelihood would not help Donnie. Donnie needed treatment. He needed help.\
\
The individual made the choice, then gave Jim his word that he would not betray him. He told Jim to lead him to Donnie's house so they could have a chat.\
\
When they found him, Donnie clearly ran out of booze just recently. He sensed the individual knew what was going on. The individual asked, what happened? The generator. He came all this way because he thought it was a site outage. Nobody knew what was going on. This was a wasted trip, Donnie. Donnie understood what was going on. He was clearly feeling shame. Donnie and the individual exchanged assurances, Donnie would have the generator up and running in the next day. It was a warning. The individual was so angry though. Donnie got lucky. This would never happen again. The individual was an extremely intimidating person.\
\
The individual drug his gear back to the airplane. The pilot asked what the fix was, what was the problem. Donnie's drunk, that's the problem. The individual shared the dilemma he just faced; he needed perspective, wisdom. Evad listened, the assured the individual they had made the right choice. You won't change anything by disrupting a community's way of live. You'll just ruin lives. Drinking is a common problem in the villages. You won't change anything by ruining lives.\
\
Heavy.\
\

\f2\i Maybe I made the right decision, maybe I didn't, but I trust Evad's experience, fifty years of flying around rural Alaska. Why though, did I come so close to willingly ruining the balance of an entire community?
\f0\i0 \
 \

\f2\i Well, people prefer to wear the soldier hat when it comes to tackling their pet problems. Maybe it's virtue signaling, maybe it feels better to attack, maybe they genuinely believe becoming a soldier is the only way to approach some problems. ...well whatever the case, so few people are willing to wear the spy hat.\
\

\f0\i0 Ultimately, on that flight back home through the mountains, the individual thought most about that look in Jim's eyes when he caught wind that the individual was going to make a scene. He was terrified. His cover, the fact that he played sides and managed secrets, it was the most important thing for that man. The look in his eyes when he begged the individual to desist was existential.\
\

\f2\i Fuck. That was just a small village missionary. Imagine what would happen in a situation where a spy or undercover agent's cover were at risk. They would not let it happen. They would do anything to maintain their cover because their life depends on it. This is why soldier mode will never work to solve our problems. It is too disruptive and it puts the cover of many spies at risk, many people who simply cannot afford their world to be disrupted by a soldier. Even if a spy and a solder were on the same side, if a soldier's mission were to put the spy's cover at risk, in extreme cases the spy would kill the soldier rather than risk being discovered. This world has too many people acting as spies, people that, if the global balance--that precarious stability--were disrupted, they would lose their covers. The spies are the source of stability. The soldiers are the source of instability, well, unless things have destabilized to the point of war. Then at that point the roles reverse and the soldiers work to restore stability. Or do they?\
\

\f0\i0 The mountains passed, the individuals large body crammed in the tiny back seat of the tiny airplane, scrunched in next to a pile of pelican cases and gear. There was a lot of thinking to be done.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}