{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 There is a popular aphorism about the relationship between Humans and our tools. 
\f1\i\b We shape our tools and our tools shape us.
\f0\i0\b0  It is natural to extend this: We shape our rules and our rules shape us. We shape our values and our values shape us. If this is so (which I believe is obvious) then it would make sense for us to think more in terms of deliberate 
\f1\i\b value design
\f0\i0\b0 . If our objective is to reframe our language in terms of peace, then we ought to start with redesigning our values.\
\
The purpose of treating peace as a process is to systematically introduce values or rules that are biased in favor of peace into any space wherein the peace process permeates. The overarching thesis is that if we can more consistently favor Humanistic values over non-Humanistic values, then we will more inclined to behave in peaceful and productive manners with one another. With a biased random walk, the walk drifts in a particular, definite direction. With an unbiased random walk, the walk drifts aimlessly, never really getting anywhere.\
\
As mentioned throughout this book, the bias strategy is deliberately chosen to exploit the network growth phenomenon known as 
\f2\i explosive percolation
\f0\i0 . The underlying principle behind explosive percolation is that by 
\f2\i biasing
\f0\i0  network building to favor local connections, resulting local networks will eventually coalesce (or 'explode') into a singular whole. This is due to the inherent properties of networks in general.\
\
In this case, the strategy is to not only favor local world piece computers, but do so in a way that additionally favors the Humanistic peace biases below. If we can favor local connections that have a particular set of Humanistic qualities, then hopefully when an explosive percolation event does happen, these global connections should reflect the underlying local peaceful values, resulting in more harmonious relationships between disparate groups.\
\

\f3\b Biases:\
\
core bias
\f0\b0 \
local connections 	>	global connections\
\
The core bias is the most important, because the explosive percolation phenomenon depends on it to successfully trigger a unifying network event.\

\f3\b \
peace bias\

\f0\b0 commitment		>	non-commitment\
acceptance		>	denial\
tolerance			>	intolerance\
creation			>	destruction\
inclusion			>	exclusion\
neutrality			>	polarization\
nonviolence		>	violence\
preservation		>	disruptiveness\
sympathy			>	empathy		>    ruthlessness\
difference			>	similarity		>    indifference\
interdependence	>	independence 	>    dependence\
trust				>	distrust\
love				>	hate\
\
\
candor\
courage\
curiosity\
diversity\
humor\
optimism\
resilience\
responsibility\
rigor\
teamwork\
thriftiness\
transparency\
urgency\
versatility}