{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Once upon a time, there was a tiny little absurd person. This tiny little person lived in an absurd fantasy world. In fact, this person was lost to this fantasy world.\
\
But from this person's perspective, what made their fantasy world so absurd, was that it was only a fantasy because other people preferred to call it that. It was easier to write it off as an absurd fantasy. Surely it was everybody else living in an absurd fantasy, not this person. Maybe, this person thought, there were other people living in this world, too. Perhaps the similar fantasy worlds were just disconnected.\
\
Then one day, it occurred to this person that they had grown absurdly lonely. It was not nice; it was painful. So this person thought very long and hard and hatched an absurd idea: this person would stop fighting, and simply embrace the absurdity they had become.\
\
To embrace their absurdity, this person would write an absurd book, a fantasy novel, just like this one you're reading now. It would be all about the fantastic world this person lived in. This person aspired to share this fantasy with the world at large. This person would find the other people living in the same disconnected fantasy world.\
\
But there was a problem. This person was the only world's fantastic inhabitant. Describing a world without the context of its inhabitants doesn't really make sense. Besides, this person really wasn't a skilled novelist or character development. So they made the call to embrace absurdity even more and chose to write the main character as themself. Besides, the fantasy world was actually real and the fantastic inhabitant were actually real. It would be easy to write about.\
\
Thus this person became The Individual inhabitant of this fantasy world. They were the sole representative of the fantasy world. The Individual put fingers to keys. What emerged was a meta-fiction epic in fantasy sci-fi realism.\
\
The year was 6 PCE.\
It was the dawn of the Piece Computer Era.\
The Individual was hard at work, writing the fantasy novel.\
The Individual was also inventing a new kind computer.\
The Individual was also creating a new kind of physics.\
The future of Humanity depended on it.\
It was absurd.\
\
\
}