{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc1\levelnfcn1\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{upper-roman\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 The Human Imperative Piece.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 The Human Imperative is best thought of as the 
\f2\i constitution
\f1\i0  of a world piece computer. In terms of an electronic computer, The Human Imperative is like the 
\f2\i BIOS
\f1\i0 , or Basic Input/Output System. The entire electronic computer depends on the BIOS when it starts up.
\f0\b \
Imperative:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	I.	}
\f1\b0 Integrate Human experience to invent a way of overcoming Humanity's greatest adversary: time. Contextualize this integration explicitly in terms of a common glue: peace as a computational process.
\f0\b \
{\listtext	II.
\f1\b0 	}To do so, create a social invention program devoted to this end.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b {\listtext	III.	}
\f1\b0 In doing so, the first objective is to erect
\f2\i  
\f3\b the universal piece computer
\f1\i0\b0 , a global peace system, to maintain a peace process called 
\f3\i\b the universal piece
\f2\b0 ,
\f1\i0  generating something called 
\f3\i\b piecetime
\f1\i0\b0 , a formal and calculated state of 
\f3\i\b global peace
\f2\b0  
\f1\i0 based on the net various measures of 
\f3\i\b inner peace
\f2\b0  
\f1\i0 as generated by 
\f3\i\b world piece computers
\f1\i0\b0  maintained by all participants and their surrounding communities.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b {\listtext	IV.	}
\f1\b0 Do so by following the seven rules, and maintaining the nine functions of the universal piece.\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1 + 7 rule pieces:\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa40\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	0)
\f1\b0  Never give up.\

\f0\b 	1)
\f1\b0  Adopt and maintain the universal piece.\

\f0\b 	2)
\f1\b0  Adopt and internalize the common language.\

\f0\b 	3) 
\f1\b0 Adopt and uphold the universal prosperity mission.\

\f0\b 	4)
\f1\b0  Interact voluntarily.\

\f0\b 	5)
\f1\b0  Honor commitments.\

\f0\b 	6) 
\f1\b0 Make your own moves.\

\f0\b 	7) 
\f1\b0 Become The Individual by operating a world piece computer to help satisfy The Human Imperative.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 1 + 9 universal piece function pieces:\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa40\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	0)
\f1\b0  Prevent violence that is nonconsensual, nondefensive, or unnecessary.	
\f0\b 1)
\f1\b0  Ensure adherence to the the seven rules.\
	
\f0\b 2)
\f1\b0  Optimize local world piece configuration.\
	
\f0\b 3)
\f1\b0  Optimize global world piece computer configuration.\
	
\f0\b 4)
\f1\b0  Favor local connections.\
	
\f0\b 5)
\f1\b0  Favor core peace bias.\
	
\f0\b 6)
\f1\b0  Maintain continuous iterative evolution.\
	
\f0\b 7)
\f1\b0  Maintain constant conversation.\
	
\f0\b 8)
\f1\b0  Harness difference potentials.\
	
\f0\b 9)
\f1\b0  Harness Human Nature.}