{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Manual Piece: Time and The Individual.\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 In any computational system, timing and clock are essential. In a digital system, if the clock drifts or is out of sync with other timing implements, then information starts colliding and disintegrating. In any time-division multiplexed telecommunication circuit for example, a loss in timing disrupts the entire communication circuit. Without a stable clock, your electronic computer cannot function.
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 The Individual plays the most important role in the universal piece computer function, networking, and operation. Those operators acting as The Individual for a particular piece computer are serving as the 
\f2\i interface
\f1\i0  or 
\f2\i glue
\f1\i0  that bonds the world piece computer to the universal piece computer at large. This has to do with timing.\
The two types of configuration optimizations\'97the world level or universal level\'97cannot happen simultaneously. The Individual is responsible for maintaining the universal piece, which means The Individual is responsible for maintaining timing between the two types of optimization. This timing is a flip-flop operation between the two. This flip-flop is the alternation between optimizing world piece configuration within a world piece computer, and optimizing world piece computer configuration within the universal piece computer. It is up to The Individual to shift scope between local/individual and global in time with changing configuration optimization needs. When the universal piece is shifted to be seen from local scope, then it is time to optimize configuration of world pieces. When the universal piece is shifted to be seen from global scope, net inner peace is measured and then configuration of world piece computers convenes.\
The issue of course is synchronicity. The Individual is logically singular but distributed across many bodies. Depending on the size of the world piece computer The Individual commands, the timescales of the universal piece flip-flops will vary. The only way around this, to achieve a synchronized global flip-flop\'97synchronized iteration/evolution of the universal piece\'97is to employ the same strategy as with The Individual. The Individual is one entity commanding the singular universal piece computers. This singularity is logical, not actual. So to must the synchronicity be. The Individual maintains synchronization between all components of the universal piece computer by insisting that the synchronization of the flip and flop is logical, and singular. There is only on clock.\
In physical space, this synchronicity is asynchronous, distributed. The space where piecetime is constant and synchronous is the construct alluded to throughout this book of 
\f2\i timespace
\f1\i0 . Timespace is an alternate way of viewing reality where the tick-tocks of the universal piece evolution are interconnected, nested, in sync. Imagine, gears with different gear ratios. One large gear may rotate once, while a related gear rotates five times. As long as the gears remain connected, that ratio does not change. The two gears are synchronized 1 : 5.\
In timespace, the universal piece's operation is in lockstep, a singular rate rate piecetime. In spacetime\'97or the surrounding reality that we are familiar with\'97the universal piece is asynchronous, irregular, erratic, but in a deliberate and controlled manner.\
The Individual therefore is the entity responsible for implementing asynchronous iterations of the universal piece, and translating those iterations into form in lockstep with the overall piecetime within timespace. The only thing capable of accomplishing this the timespace matter mindmachine\'97or in other words, a Human, containing their brain, containing their mind.\
In a real sense, the universal piece computer is just a collection of Humans, who are networking their brains, to combine their minds for the purpose of coordinating global piece configuration optimization in terms of a singular construct called the 
\f2\i timepiece in timespace
\f1\i0 .}