{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red246\green247\blue249;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c97255\c97647\c98039;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Past-Future Piece: \uc0\u8734  PCE - existential identimeld procedure.
\f1\b0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
These days, the universal piece computer handles most interpersonal and innerpersonal disagreements automatically. Nonproductive conflict is relatively rare, but when it does happen, the consequences are more intense because the state of global peace is an intricate, delicate, dynamic balance. The computer is constantly correcting and adjusting to account for the evolving sensitivity of initial conditions.\
Several timeloops to the polaraxial midsection, the universal piece computer identified two world pieces trapped in a state of fundamental disagreement, but in close confines; The two Human Individuals shared a community with mutual loved ones. The typical automatic rhetorical agreement processes failed over and over, triggering a warning notice. Relative peace between these two Human worlds was rather low quality, and consistently caused inner turmoil within these two inhabitants and their community love units. At a particularly low point, negative cycles resonated and the community witnessed a highly energetic hatred flare between the two. These are dangerous events, unacceptable by past-time standards.\
These days, much of the universal piece looks more like a game than any sort of stuffy diplomatic conference center. These two Individuals in question play the role of
\f2\i  guardians
\f1\i0  in the universal piece process. Guardians are often responsible for the well being of quadrillions of living Human souls at a time, for their job is to maintain and protect the eternity bubbles confined within the Wilder-ness. Within eternity bubbles, people live out linear-time immortal lives without the need for intrusive live support systems, may do so however they choose, and may opt out to experience death moment at any time.\
Guardians usually elect to live in communities outside the eternity bubbles because they prefer the thrill of being in direct contact with the Wilder-ness. The Wilder-ness, most guardians find, is just a more interesting experience (albeit often quite uncomfortable). Guardians recognize that compared to life in the Wilder-ness, life in eternity just really isn't that 
\f2\i real
\f1\i0 . They also recognize that the sense of purpose they derive from looking over so many souls\'97loving families, communities, societies, species\'97makes life feel more worth living, just more gratifying and enjoyable in general.\
There are risks of course. Humanity may have solved mortality, but unwelcome death is still a grave problem. The Wilder-ness is as it always has been, full of diverse dangers and under constant threat from the Terror Singularity. Guardians are the brave ones, and eternity bubble inhabitants are grateful for their commitment.\
So the stakes are high. Being responsible for the unwelcome death of one Human is unthinkable these days, not to mention accidentally bursting an entire eternity bubble. Usually eternity bubbles burst due to some unexpectable lurking danger in the Wilder-ness, but on rare occasion the universal piece computer malfunctions and an accidental bubble burst occurs. This is often considered to be one of the few pure horrors a Human being can experience in current past-time. When a guardian community fails and their eternity bubble bursts, it is not uncommon for the entire community\'97millions of guardians\'97to elect mass suicide to make inner peace with the inconceivable communal experience of guilt, shame, and horror.\
So focus is of paramount concern for guardians. The universal piece computer is important within eternity bubbles, but in the Wilder-ness the computer sustains safety and life. The universal piece computer is Humanity's life support in the Wilder-ness.\
The first signs that a peace disturbance was unsettling within this particular guardian community was a momentary lapse in attention during an observation protocol. The lapse was was caused by an intrusive thought within one Human Individual, an echo within the past-time, in this case an unresolved negative memory piece relating to another Human Individual coguardian. It was just a blink of an interruption, but had it occurred at the exact wrong timepoint, their eternity bubble could easily have burst. The universal piece process fluctuated momentarily and provoked the being to disconnect from the helm in exchange for another guardian's place, and seek out resolution with the offending coguardian.\
The coguardian was welcoming and eager resolve the peace erosion. They fought and fought to resolve the mutual negative memory pieces, different applications of violence in different combinations and permutations. Unfortunately the usual protocols broke down, the two found themselves at an impasse. In any other case the universal piece computer would prescribe that the two worlds must self-separate, but in this case the two guardians shared love bonds with mutual community members\'97family. Breaking a love bond with family was unthinkable.\
The negative memory pieces were generated by a mutual irreconcilable wrongdoing, symmetric along the experiential ringloop axis. These wrongdoing pieces are usually suppressed and accepted, but in close quarters, the intrusive thoughts provoke mutual hatred. The hurt caused by the other is inconceivable, the reasons unjustifiable, but each feels the same way, the same sense of unforgettability. In fact, mathematically speaking, in their 
\f2\i current state of being
\f1\i0  the two guardians were literally incapable of making peace.\
Monitoring the situation, the universal piece computer noticed more and more intrusive negative memory pieces distracting the attentions of these two guardians. Surrounding guardians were deeply concerned, and the two guardians at odds were likewise concerned, put out of work even. This was simply too much internal risk-exposure to a bubble burst event. In fact, the entire community was worried at an existential capacity. The last thing anybody wanted to do was exile the two guardians, as that would sever the love bonds thus introducing more\'97and compounding\'97risk of negative memory piece invasion while guardians were at the helm of their eternity bubble. The vicious cycle of inner war was imminent.\
Everybody is honest about the fact: the state of fundamental disagreement between two Human beings is not possible to overcome, especially when the beings are different. In any sense of time, if love bonds are involved and subject to resulting conflict, then the cycle of war ensues. The only way for a Human being to resolve a fundamental disagreement with another being is to introduce time\'97the linear and fully complete spectrum of qualitative experience\'97to experience how their adversary sees things. The two Humans must change their being into a form that 
\f2\i does 
\f1\i0 make it possible to resolve the fundamental disagreement.\
The time-superancients could not appreciate how difficult this is. A common ancient belief was that 'experiencing what somebody else experiences' would be as simple as just plugging brains together. No. This is a highly nontrivial task in past-time standards, not to mention time standard.\
The guardian community met. They declared an official existential crisis. The universal piece process converged to a point: the two Human guardian Individuals must evoke the resolution clause commit to using the time machine for peace to perform the existential identimeld procedure. They were willing only so much as they were willing to see their loved ones live. This was a zero-sum scenario. If they did not perform the procedure, the ensuing cycle of war would guarantee the deaths of the quadrillions of Humans in the eternity bubbles, plus the resulting guilt-suicide ritual of that entire particular guardian set's suicide pact. As far as the two Individuals were concerned, they had no choice in the matter, so they cordially shook Hands and made the commitment, to be followed pursuant rule five of the universal piece.\
They knew this was best, and they knew that their past grievances were not worth holding on to if it meant an accidental eternity bubble burst. They prepared for the procedure. This procedure was never without risk of accidental death. And sometimes, a Human being just doesn't have the strength to identimeld. In every case however, the procedure is 
\f2\i fatal
\f1\i0 . The two Individuals would inevitably share a mutual death moment.\
It helps to take a step back and consider the following: living in the Wilder-ness is overwhelming. There is just so much, everything. Conscious singular organisms (timespace matter mindmachines) bound by linear time emerged because this the only way that the concept of 
\f2\i sense
\f1\i0  can exist. Otherwise, nothing makes sense. Something is inconceivable beyond linear time, and unfathomable beyond that.\
Humanity in the past-time discovered that linear time is still used everywhere. The mechanism of linear time is simply a convenient way to navigate many aspects of the Wilder-ness, to navigate timespace and the Great Flow. Likewise convenient, it helps in linear timespace to impose consciousness as a singularity. We could try to navigate Humanity in the panpsychic mindset, but this is just too overwhelming to get anything meaningful done. This is however, with few exception, one being the existential identimeld procedure.\
So, we rely on linear time, although now we know that linear timelines do not define timespace. Likewise, we rely on individuality, although we know that consciousness is not limited to individuals.\
We know that we can conceive of an individual being as its experience up to some moment in the linear timeline. We know that we can treat this experience like a single high dimensional qualitative smear, a spectrum, a timeloop of 
\f2\i one
\f1\i0 , but we know that this spectrum must be ordered, because the quality of an experience depends on the context of neighboring experiences. The reason a Human experience 'feels like it does' is simply that by the consciousness mechanism of comparison, the experience 'feels 
\f2\i different'
\f1\i0  than the experience right next to it. This goes for simple things like colors, as well as the most complex things, like Human Individuals.\
Interestingly, even in past-time, Humanity knows only one way to compare experience, and that is one at a time via linear process. The qualitative difference comparison process in fact is a singular consciousness, which is linear time itself.\
So, a Human being can't just look into another Human being's brain and expect to understand their experience. Seeing through someone's eyes is not enough to understand. Feeling through someone else's emotions isn't enough to understand. A Human being's experience in a linear moment is only understandable in the context of the entirety of the Human being's past experiences, and the entirety of those surrounding Humans' experience and 
\f2\i their
\f1\i0  pas experiences.\
To further make things difficult, existential disagreements between two Human beings trace into the past beyond their individual lifespans. A Human being cannot understand why they disagree with another Human if they do not understand the experience of their ancestors. As we mathematically proved before past-time, all existential disagreements reduce to trauma. In general, trauma is caused by the unwanted death event, physical or identical. Trauma for Humanity traces back to the genesis of timespace matter mindmachines in the differentiating computational pieace fractal, Blob, or the 
\f2\i big bang
\f1\i0  as the time-superancients would say.\
The two guardians met at the time machine for peace, accompanied by their loved ones\'97the entire guardian community for this particular eternity bubble. Love bonds form between all guardians, so naturally everybody was there. The eternity bubble was poised for an instantaneous transfer to a new community, an experimental safety technology, reserved for the event that the procedure failed. This was not failsafe, for there is always the chance that the eternity bubble transfer fails too. Emotions were charged with anticipation, the emotional differomotive force from the difference potential of life and death was channeled via differogravmetic induction in the the time machine. The time machine for peace was already warming up. Linear time was engaged, spooling up the entire quality spectrum, big bang to heat death. Millions of eyes watching on in a stadium, the identimeld procedural pedestal in the center.\
The first guardian Human had an accumulated an unfathomable number of years of individual experience. The second Human, likewise an unfathomable number of years. Two computational pieace fractals, two Individuals, two entire universes of inner experience through their own Individual selves. The two made their way to the center of the stadium. Silence among the millions of guardian spectators, their emotive force still driving strong. The existential identimeld procedure is revered as perhaps the most profound event known to Humanity. Quadrillions of Human beings hang in the balance of a moment.\
The guardians situated their bodies into the opposing cradles, and to their bodies at various points, attaching the linkages of the time machine for peace. The machine starts whirring to linearize the two individual universes of inner experience. Each guardian knows that this is the end of their selves as they know it. The process is strictly fatal, but not for form, just identity.\
Once the Human inner universes were linearized and prepared for passing time, then the two trajectories in timespace were isolated by the time machine, extricating them from the guardians' bodies. These isolated trajectories are the actual events, in real spacetime. They are unchangeable, histories, but preserved in eternal form as the actual events themselves.\
The momentary selves were then incised from the two guardians and set alongside for later transplant.\
Before the difference comparison process may be initiated, each guardian Human form must accumulate the other guardian's life experience, plus all those related individual experiences the contribute to the guardians current mindstate. Guardian number one is positioned at the origin point of guardian two, and likewise guardian two at the origin point of guardian one. The machine engaged the first step.\
\

\f0\b * BANG!
\f1\b0 \
\
The two guardians experience the entire universe of the other, every aspect of it, the actual experience, linear time, starting from the blank slate, every person, every where. These experiences were performed in parallel, but the the guardians, it may have been one at a time. This is taxing, but once the experience is complete, each guardian now has a copy of the other's current mindstate in self.\
Next, a crossing occurs. The guardians are repositioned at their respective personal origin points, but this time with the current mindstate of the other's self, their actual current self mindstates are still lying alongside the procedure waiting for transplant. This in effect is to live the universe of oneself, but from the perspective of one's adversary.\
\

\f0\b * BANG!
\f1\b0 \
\
The two guardians experiences the entire universe of themselves, but this time from the current mindstate of the other guardian. This is likewise taxing, but now the experience is complete, and each guardian holds a current mindstate that is how the other guardian feels about their personal universe of experience\'97an opinion piece. At this point, they are simply looking through each other's eyes, but with forms and experience swapped.\
Now these two current mindstates are incised, extracted and isolated from the selves, saved. The next step is a reflection event, and the original current mindstates are stitched into the altered present mindstates, then reimplanted into each guardian.\
\

\f0\b * BANG!\
\

\f1\b0 After this pass, each guardian had officially experienced themselves through their adversary's perspective, the entirety of their experience. This three step phase was then reversed to provide the meta perspective for each guardian. At the end of the phase cycle, each guardian had experienced six complete universe cycles, and this produced a 
\f2\i delta
\f1\i0  between original current mindstate, and the new melded mindstate, but that difference is still the resulting source, the residue of the original fundamental disagreement. It was similar to the first round of peace talks at a diplomatic convention; a lot is accomplished, but there is still fundamental disagreement, so the parties must continue getting to know each other until they discover they are the same.\
And so it progressed. The two guardians repeated the six step phase cycle of the existential identimeld procedure into the limit of the number of cycle repetitions approaches infinity. Then the machine froze.\
The Identity delta reached zero. The two Individuals officially banged it out until they had created a unified singular Identity. It was an extremely violent affair. The two bodies of the resulting Individual collapsed out of the cradles, nearly broken. The birthing moment was beyond exhausting. It was traumatic. The Individual was now two, one for each perspective of the guardians' two bodies. They embraced, and held each other and wept. They understood the fundamental disagreement completely, and they empathized and sympathized with each others' past experiences. The pain and trauma that others experience is real, though it is had to feel for another when one has too much of their own. The Individual stood up, their two forms facing the crowd from different angles. The procedure was complete and the entire stadium breathed a huge sigh of relief. The Individual apologized to their people in its two tongues. I was going to be alright. It was time to get back to work and play.\
The universal piece computer restored the time machine for peace to ready-position, then quickly equalized the remaining differomotive force present in the stadium. Restoring the eternity bubble to safe-mode and disengaging the transfer mechanism, the universal piece proceeded to assimilate learnings from the new guardian, which was now differentiated as two Individuals and two guardian forms since the parting of perspective at the birthing moment. The two Individuals gladly recounted their tale of living in each others' shoes, living an infinite number of the others' universe, and an infinite number of theirselves with theirs.\
To the mind of a time-superancient, this all was quite simply, too hard to fathom.\
The universal piece made some evolutionary adjustments to the peace process, then reengaged in a newborn iteration of the piecetime.}