{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 17 PCE - The Overwatch.
\f1\b0 \
\
The fireplace across the room was dying out. The window to the left, a cold moon glowing through. The door to the right, past the bookshelf, cracked open, dark in the hallway beyond. The Individual was sitting in a cushy blood red velvet armchair, its back to the wall, facing the fireplace, mathematics book split open on the left arm at a section--
\f2\i The Fourier Transform: Sturm-Louisville Formalism--
\f1\i0 a long clipboard on the right arm with standard 8.5x11 computer             paper, pencil scrawled throughout, but neat, orderly, elegant, BIC 0.9mm neon green and purple laying atop, lead extruding precisely 1.5mm, angled toward one edge.\
\
The door opened. Suddenly. The Individual froze, he lurched up smoothly to match. Book and clipboard fell to the ground, derivations forgotten. Hands up. Step to the left, near the window. Keep cool. Fire glow casting a silhouette out of the figure that just entered the room. An intruder. They met gaze for what seemed like an eternity, two minutes. Just staring, weighing, heavy breathing. Finally The Individual spoke:\
\
	'You really ought to leave.'\
	'No. This is your time. I have come.'\
	'No, this might actually be 
\f2\i your
\f1\i0  time. For I am here.'\
	'How. I am the one with the gun trained on your head.'\
	'Wanna know my secret? Please wait to shoot.'\
	'?' 
\f2\i head cocked
\f1\i0 \
	'You know how I know you don't care about what I do and who I stand for?'\
	'How.'\
	'You want to kill me.'\
	'So? What's your point.'\
	'My friends want me alive, and free. I want me alive, and free. But do you know who wants me alive and free the most?'\
	'Who.'\
	'My adversaries. The people who feel threatened by my cause, the people who would 
\f2\i really
\f1\i0  love to see me die.'\
	'I don't understand. Explain.'\
	'Well, those who feel I am a threat to their world--my computational peace advocacy--well these people know very well that I am a much larger threat to them if I am prematurely killed. Or, if my family and loved ones are harmed. If you kill me now, I immediately imprint my conscious legacy onto the network of individual brains I have built. Now we all act as individuals, but I was the origin. I am the quote-on-quote leader. When a following loses their leader, bad things happen, and everybody knows that. None of us want that. In short, I am the representative of The Individual world piece computer, the messenger. If you kill me, my entire constituency of likeminded individuals will respond in unison. WE will surge.'\
	'Your people are no threat to me. I do not care. You are no threat to me.'\
	'I know. Like Lennon's assassin, you just want the attention, or the feeling of godmode, the power of taking a life that is precious to so many. You are a not but a little attention whore. You're a little fucking bitch.'\
	'Fuck you. You don't know me.' 
\f2\i gun thrusting
\f1\i0 \
As he replied, The Individual made a defiant step toward the intruder, positioning his head just right, so the barrel of the 1911 style pistol pressed into the middle of his forehead.\
	\
	'Well, I know 
\f2\i you
\f3\b  
\f1\i0\b0 really didn't think this through.'\
	'How.'\
	'You meet me where I stand.'\
	'Like...?'\
	'Yeah, like literally. Right here, not back there.'\
	'Ok?' 
\f2\i nervous shifting
\f1\i0 \
	'Yeah. Like, can you hear me? I'm honestly ready for this to end. I'm tired of this shit. I'm ready to move on. Get on with the night.'\
	'That's why I am here, to help.'\
	'May I ask you one last question, final words?'\
	'Shoot.'\
	'Yes. Please fire now?'\
!x\
\
His head exploded.\
\
A conical high velocity ballistic projectile pierced the exterior siding of the home, using its self to do work, projecting a force through some short distance, 7.5", the thickness of the wall, losing a proportionally small amount of kinetic energy due to the work-energy theorem. The flimsy wall didn't stand a chance against that much momentum concentrated into that small a point. Neither did his head.\
\
In that instant, a face, a cranial enclosure, and three pounds of grey and white neuronal brain matter--glial cells, blood, cerebrospinal fluid, and that delicate moment of consciousness encoded in the rotating flow of matter through that biological space--all fatally interrupted. It all violently spattered against The Individual's book collection to the opposite side of the room. Bits of teeth and fragmented skull shrapnel scattered about the space, a couple shards embedded in the spines of the old physics textbooks.\
\
With a slightly mangled stump for a head, the intruder's body began to crumple at the rate of gravitational acceleration into a heap with The Individual, who was deliberately crumpling down beside. Blood gushed profusely from the death wound.\
\
There was a twitch momentarily after impact and the intruder's pistol discharged. However, The Individual had been very intentional about jerking his weight downward into goddess pose, a moment after his final word to fire. Simultaneously he thrust both hands up to grab control of the intruder's wrists holding the weapon. Directing its barrel away from self, upward slightly to the right, then shifting bodyweight in to the left, inward, the left hand jumped up to control the slide thumb under on the main frame, fingers over on the slide (this of course, to keep it from reloading properly should it discharge again), the right hand jumped to hook over the intruders hands on the pistol grip. That's when the gun discharge again. The front iron sight bit his hand in between the thumb and index finger, but a new round failed to chamber as intended.\
\
Meanwhile, the right hand pulling downward, pulling low into The Individual's body, giving the left hand space to push the barrel out twisting the pistol counter clockwise, hand twisting over the top of the slide, palm on the left now, thumb over the slide. Both arms pulled the pistol farther inward, wrenching it out of the intruder's hands, barrel away from the body the entire time. At this same instant, The Individual pushed away with his legs to create space, left hand slid down to meet the right on the pistol grip, righthand index finger extending straight along the slide, ready to slide into the trigger guard. Leaning back, the left hand jumping back up to rack the slide to reload the pistol. By the time they hit the floor, The Individual had pushed away to create enough space between him and the intruder to properly release several rounds with space to maneuver, if so needed.\
\
The Individual was in control of the pistol, now holding it extended from the chest, on his back, upper body crunched upward, pointing the weapon where the intruder would be had he been alive and kicked backwards. But the intruder's body was crumpled in between his legs.\
\
Fortunately it worked; this was the only sidearm disarming move The Individual knew--not really something he put a lot of effort into--only the bare minimum really, as advised by those more military-minded in his life.\
\
A momentary pause. Did this just happen? Check for movement. Yes it did, definitely dead. Blood was still squeezing onto his left leg, soaked. He checked his watch.\
\
The Individual dropped the magazine with his left thumb, then racked the slide to clear the chamber. After all, he was intimately familiar with this particular pistol. He laid the gun deliberately to the right side. All clear.\
\
This maneuvering was mainly in case The Overwatch wasn't present like he hoped. Hope for the best, plan for the worst. Either case, The Individual was 
\f2\i going
\f1\i0  to live that night. \
\

\f2\i Tonight's not the night. Fuck you motherfucker.
\f1\i0 \
\
His ears were ringing, and senses engulfed in silence, acrid smell of sulfur from the discharged round, deep smell of copper from all the blood, filling the room in a swirl.\
\
The embrace was intimate. The Individual took a moment to mourn the loss of what was certainly a troubled and war-stricken life, now just a corpse crumpled on the floor in front of him. There was probably a lot he could have done to prevent this, but you can only do so much to love the unlovable. He was just glad nobody was home to see the mess, to hear it. He considered himself lucky. He 
\f2\i especially
\f1\i0  considered himself lucky to have lived in circumstances other than his, which were of such enormous privilege. After all, all Humans, 
\f2\i especially The Individual and the intruder,
\f1\i0  
\f2\i are the same person
\f1\i0 , just with different upbringings and perspectives. The Individual felt like he lost a little piece of himself that night. Sometimes the universal piece must consume to keep running.\
\
Thirty seconds. Ok. Time to move. The night will be long.\
\
Thankfully The Overwatch was dialed in. Thankfully The Individual had recently installed a surveillance system and posted a link to an audio and video livefeed in his home for the world to see, 24/7. Thankfully he mentioned casually one day that he would be gifting infrared and night vision goggles, but only to those who knew how to use, and were willing to use. It was relatively quick that somebody (probably a small team) followed the hashclue trail, indicating they were willing and able, thus revealing the location of the equipment. (They met at a place they could share some quality time and send some lead down range. They passed each others' expectations. The Individual provided the equipment, probably around $200,000 worth. Skin in the game.) The gamble was that anybody as willing to help as The Overwatch, they would be devoted to the prosperity mission, eager to put in the painstaking time of surveillance and willing to take action according to law if need be. Local law was very clear: lethal force is just if to defend one's self or another person, should their life be under imminent threat from another.\
\
This was the first real test however. Maybe the shot could have been better, but The Individual was thankful there was a shot at all (besides, he 
\f2\i certainly
\f1\i0  couldn't have done better). The dialogue leading up to the shot, risky, probably unnecessary, but it felt important to stall, to buy as much time as possible, to work up the nerve to disarm somebody pointing a locked and loaded 1911-style Staccato P 9mm at his head from two feet away. (Not coincidentally, it was openly known that the Staccato P was The Individual's favored sidearm.) The situation went better than well. The Individual got up and strode outside, adrenaline settling.\
\
Out the front door, he quickly veered toward the right, toward the entrypoint in the side of the house. After turning and running out head low, toward the shadows of the perimeter, a figure--The Overwatch--emerged to meet, a Barretta M82 slung over a shoulder, surveillance piece in ear, dark balaclava, heavy arctic Carhart bibs, bunny boots, heavy parka. She pulled back her balaclava. Damn.\
\
	'Good shot. Thank you. Nice to have you in my life.'\
	'No, thank you. And it is my pleasure. I've been itching to do that for a long while now.'\
	'Maybe could have been better? --little twitchy in the aftermath there. Nah fuck I don't care you were amazing. Leave or stay, you are official legend status in my world.'\
	'I know. And yeah, these infrareds are kinda shitty, won't lie.'\
	'I feel that--was the best I could muster by pulling strings.'\
	'We'll work on that.'\
	'Let's.'\
\
He winked, she grinned. They shook hands, The Individual covered in blood caused by The Overwatch. The Overwatch with a heavy frost accumulating around her mask caused by The Individual. Eyes locked, intent. This was their mission. Kill evil.\
\
	'Will you stay, and testify? The police are almost certainly on their way. I will call to verify at the end of this exchange.'\
	'I know I was right under the law. Of course I will stay. Make the call. I would just prefer you do not mention my name explicitly in your travels.'\
	'But may I speak of this, and you, preserving your anonymity?'\
	'Please.'\
	'Perfect. You are a legend. If you ever need a job reference, I am happy to provide.'\
\
The Individual called the police department. Informed them of one deceased and two witnesses in an attempted homicide. They were already on their way. Three minutes out.\
\
If you believed in the program, you were motivated to protect those individuals who partake, 
\f2\i especially
\f1\i0  The Individual. Local statutory law defined lethal force in self defense to be authorized to anybody, if for to protect themself from imminent threat to life, or the imminent threat to another's life. Cut and dry.\
\
The Individual and The Overwatch were in custody overnight. But the video and audio recordings, and the verbal accounts of the two witnesses, they corroborated the story: There were two victims that night, and one assailant. The assailant was dead, and rightfully so by law.\
\
News quickly spread. This was the first official assassination attempt on The Individual's life. And it ended with justice.\
\
The universal piece computer ran strong.\
\
~\
\
There were tracks through the woods in the snow all over the property, but from outward in, and only going up to the brush line. It resembled a network of game trails.\
\
Fifty yards to the right of The Observer was another set of eyes, watching the exchange. This Observer was state sponsored. Which state? You would never get the opportunity to know.\
\
This was a working interview. The thermal goggle pickup was just a show really, and to convey to The Individual that there would likely be somebody watching.\
\
He was tempted to intervene sooner, but that particular shot was tricky. The Individual was good to handle the instant like he did. The twitch is real.\
\
And she, impressed him. She clearly picked up that he was speaking to her, restraint, preparing for the moment. If there's any time to take a risky shot, it's on the cue.\
\
The Observer called in to repo--\
\

\f0\b * SNAP!
\f1\b0 \
\
Crackle...pop. The fireplace across the room was dying out. The window to the left, a cold moon glowing through. The door to the right, past the bookshelf, cracked open, dark in the hallway beyond. The Individual was sitting in a cushy blood red velvet armchair, its back to the wall, facing the fireplace, mathematics book split open on the left arm at a section--
\f2\i The Fourier Transform: Sturm-Louisville Formalism--
\f1\i0 a long clipboard on the right arm with standard 8.5x11 computer paper, pencil scrawled throughout, but neat, orderly, elegant, BIC 0.9mm neon green and purple laying atop, lead extruding precisely 1.5mm, angled toward one edge.\
\

\f2\i I'm not sure The Overwatch will be safe, nor necessary. Probably best if The Overwatch isn't encouraged. The Overwatch would be on their own. If they were so committed, they would need no convincing, no cajoling, no special treatment. The Overwatch would simply wish to exist to protect those who were devoted to peace. Not all those devoted to peace know how to defend themselves from The Adversary. Not all those Ove--
\f1\i0 \
\
The door opened. Suddenly. The Individual froze, he lurched up smoothly to match. Book and clipboard fell to the ground, derivations forgotten. Hands up. Step to the left, near the window. Keep cool. Fire glow casting a silhouette out of the figure that just entered the room. An intruder. They met gaze for what seemed like an eternity, two minutes. Just staring, weighing, heavy breathing. Finally the intruder spoke:\
\
	'Have you ever wondered why you are you 
\f2\i sooo
\f1\i0  fucking dramatic all the time?\
\
She always had a knack for putting The Individual in place.\
\
	'No. Life is more fun this way.'\
\
She smiled.\
\
	'haha I agree.'\
	'You aren't here to assassinate me, are you?'\
	'Well of course not! If I were you wouldn't stand a chance! But good Blob, you are obsessed with that dark fucking fantasy of yours... Anyway, look! I baked cookies!'\
\
The Individual nodded, feeling sheepish, he really was obsessed with that fantasy. It terrified him, and he secretly loved being so close to the Terror Singularity.\
\
	'Oh. My. God. you are amazing! How about you come sit on daddy's lap and eat a cookie with me in the fancy red chair...?'\
\
He winked.\
\
	'I'll eat a cookie with you and sit on 
\f2\i something
\f1\i0 .'\
	'Hahaha...well let me throw another log on the fire. I think we might have more cookies to bake! And I can tell you all about how the 
\f2\i Sturm-Louisville Formalism
\f1\i0  I've been studying relates to the timespace matter mindmachine formalism while we make the dough! Ok?'\
	'Absolutely NOT! haha.'\
}