{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red40\green41\blue49;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20784\c21569\c25098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dear ChatGPT,\
\
Write a Tinder profile for me in the third person having to do with loving physics, hiking, camping, yoga, music, fun, family, people, and animals, all in the context of inventing the universal piece computer, or a network of world piece computers forming the backbone of a global peace system. To communicate this vision, I'm writing an absurd fantasy novel about my fantastic endeavors. I'm Blair, the inventor; I'm from Alaska.\
\
\
\
\cb1 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\f1\b\fs28 temperature (randomness) = 0.7
\f0\b0 \
Blair is an inventor from Alaska who loves physics, hiking, camping, yoga, music, fun, family, people, and animals. She has a wild dream of inventing the universal piece computer, or a network of world piece computers forming the backbone of a global peace system. Blair's creative mind, passion for adventure, and natural charisma make her an ideal candidate for any project. She is a go-getter who loves to laugh and explore the world. She is a big believer in the idea that everyone should be able to live in a world of peace, and she is determined to make that dream a reality. And to communicate this vision to the world, she is writing a fantastical fantasy novel about her fantastic endeavors. Blair is always up for a challenge and loves to make new friends. She is the perfect companion for a wild adventure, and her enthusiasm is contagious.\
\

\f1\b temperature (randomness) = 1
\f0\b0 \
Blair is a brilliant and creative inventor from Alaska who's passionate about physics, hiking, camping, yoga, music, and having fun with family and friends. They love people and animals, and every day they work toward creating a better world with their incredible invention, the universal piece computer. This incredible invention has the power to create a powerful network of world piece computers, forming the backbone of a global peace system. When they're not toiling away at their invention, they love spending time in the great outdoors, and they're always looking for an excuse to have some fun.
\fs32 \
\
\
\
\

\fs22 \
\
Blair is a brilliant and creative inventor from Alaska who's passionate about physics, hiking, camping, yoga, music, and having fun with family and friends. They love people and animals, and every day they work toward creating a better world with their incredible invention, the universal peace computer. This incredible invention has the power to create a powerful network of world peace computers, forming the backbone of a global peace system. When they're not toiling away at their invention, they love spending time in the great outdoors, and they're always looking for an excuse to have some fun.\
\
Blair, the inventor from Alaska, is a firm believer in the power of technology to bring peace to the world. She loves physics, hiking, camping, yoga, music, and spending time with her family, friends, and animals. In her free time, she is hard at work creating the universal peace computer, a network of world piece computers that could form the backbone of a global peace system. A true innovator, Blair loves to dream up wild and imaginative solutions to real world problems. When she isn't inventing, she enjoys having fun and laughs with her loved ones. She is an eternal optimist and believes that the world can be at peace.\
\
\cb3 Blair is an Alaskan inventor with a passion for peace, physics, music, and family. She\cb1  loves nothing more than a good hike in the woods, or a yoga session in the park. She is always looking to explore the world and learn something new. But her ultimate dream is inventing the Universal Piece Computer, a network of world piece computers forming the backbone of a global peace system. With her sharp mind, creative spirit, and quirky sense of humor, Blair hopes to make a difference in the world.}