{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs22 \cf0 1578 PCE - the great pumpkin incident
\f1\i0\b0 \
\
At this point, Humanity has been thinking explicitly in terms of time and peace for roughly 1500 years. Oddly enough, there exist 
\f2\i way
\f1\i0  more tents than anybody 1500 years ago could have imagined. Tents everywhere. Tents within tents. Tent cities. Tent homes. Not really any tent vehicles (anymore at least) as teleportation recently became a viable mode of short-range transportation in the past 200 years. (The exception being starships, as some too are tents.) Oddly enough, teleportation emerged at exactly the same time as the great tent revolution. Historians argue about why this is, but to be honest, not many people care. Over time, this came to be known as the Great Tent Revolution. The Great Tent Revolution was caused by what to date is the greatest Human technological accomplishment. The advent of these tents changed the entire outlook of our species.\
\
The exotic tent technology was a discovery, an accident--now referred to as the 
\f2\i great pumpkin incident
\f1\i0 --not an invention (though many believe we should have prioritized an invention program to realize such a technology sooner).\
\
The two people who discovered this technology were part of a materials research and development program, tinkering with advanced tent materials about 200 years ago, presumably applying learnings to space technology of some sort. One day, a particular type of nanowoven bilayer fabric was erected as a fully enclosed tent. This was for the purpose of studying its ability to protect some plant life (pumpkin seedlings) from exterior elements. Apparently plasma was involved, so naturally there was a ton of exotic scientific and radio-frequency equipment strewn about the lab. It was pretty crowded in there for the two scientists.\
\
That particular day the two lab partners were working together on the tent. It was this whole situation. The pumpkin seeds were planted and sealed inside the tent, just seeds and some hydroponic equipment. All the equipment was powered on and ready to engage the experiment, but with such close quarters and all the brushing and bumping these two scientists couldn't really contain things any longer. It was time to do some urgent unplanned research; it really was an unsafe situation with all that equipment around.\
\
Suffice to say, when the two were finally satisfied with each other's scientific results, roughly ten minutes later, some equipment had been jostled and bumped around. During that time, one piece of equipment was actually knocked entirely over by some brief side-experiments being performed, crashing to the ground against the tent; the tent was consequently subjected to a particular phase modulated electrostatic driver, with some random parameters because the buttons and knobs were all mashed up.\
\
As it happened, the two were up late the night before (drinking and presumably doing more vigorous research) so the one who sealed up the tent was a little foggy and couldn't remember if they turned on the hydroponic system. When they opened up the tent to check; the hydroponic system was indeed turned on. The unexpected result of their spontaneous fit of vigorous research however, was that inside the tent there now lay a royal mess of rotting pumpkins. \
\
The two scientists ultimately shared a Nobel Prize. Humanity had officially freed up time. \
\
In what seemed like overnight, everything changed. Trivial conflict basically evaporated. One of the first things people did was catch up on sleep. Fear Of Missing Out due to sleep was no longer a detractor from inner peace. People also found time to work out their trivial (but erosive) disagreements.\
\
A few mega timetents were erected after not long, large enough to nest up to three tents. These turned into \
\
~\
\
We call them timetents now. These are conductive nanowoven bilayer fabric enclosures than when sealed and subjected to the a resonant phase modulated electrostatic driver, and at just the right points on the tent structure, the rate of entropic increase in the tent rises to a point specified as the 
\f2\i time compression ratio
\f1\i0 . For Humans in a timetent this ratio is up to about 1:10, one second outside per 10 seconds inside. Plant matter for agriculture is much simpler than Hominoid forms, so plants like wheat can experience time compression ratios of up to 1:100.\
\
Popular demand quickly sought after compression ratios greater than 1:10 for Humans, so the next step was to create timetents within timetents. A timetent required the power output of a lab grade fusion reactor though, so the timetents that housed smaller timetents needed to be large enough to fit an entire fusion reactor in (rather large in most cases). Timetent design and nesting was therefore dependent on the progress of fusion reactor miniaturization. At the current time being, the maximum nest is two. Humans can achieve a compression rate of 1:100, plants, around 1:1000. One current engineering goal of the time machine for peace is to achieve triple nesting within the next 100 years.\
\
1500 years ago, most people would get thinking about
\f2\i  time travel
\f1\i0 , drumming up fantastic ideas of machines that took one into the past, the future, whenever. Sadly for them, most of their ideas were just that: fantasies. Near the beginning of the Piece Computer Era, mathematical physicists provided the first formal proof that demonstrated time travel into the past is in fact impossible by our current understanding of physical reality. We still don't know if time travel to the future in the non-trivial sense is possible. Trivial future travel is commonplace these days, but only for relatively short intervals. This includes cryogenesis, and high velocity space travel that exploits the time dilation of special relativity. Currently time engineers are developing schemes that cryogenically freeze people in starships orbiting the sun at high velocity for future archival and diplomatic purposes. Some people think this is foolish, cosmic rays and all. Whatever; Humans will do their thing.\
\
So these days, people don't time travel; these days, people 
\f0\i\b timestay
\f3\i0 . 
\f1\b0 Timestay wouldn't be possible without fusion reactors, because timetents require a ton of energy to speed everything up in the enclosure. Before timestay technology, modern physics knew only of time 
\f2\i dilation
\f1\i0  (time slowing down) to be a physical phenomenon. Now though, 
\f2\i time compression
\f1\i0  (time speeding up) was the focus of interest. Nowadays an entire engineering discipline is dedicated to optimizing timetent compression ratio efficiencies. Time accounting is likewise a burgeoning industry, for with all this extra timef\
\
\
\
\
\
One consequence of the Great Tent Revolution is that significant strides have been made in life extension technology. This is good, if \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}