{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 This book is part of a new genre called epic realism, in this case a work centered about Humanity prioritizing peace first as a process, and only then a result.\
\

\f1\b Why-How-What
\f0\b0 \
\
I am going to refer to a rule from the world of corporate and entrepreneurial acumen, this one articulated best by Simon Sinek: if you are trying to communicate something, start with 
\f2\i why
\f0\i0 , then move on to 
\f2\i how
\f0\i0 , and finish with 
\f2\i what
\f0\i0 .\
\
The book will expound on the following why-how-what, which is not just my personal perspective, but by market research is one likely held by at least 10% of our population.\
\
First though, a twist. Mr. Sinek neglects some things in his treatment of the six 'W's (yes I consider 
\f2\i how
\f0\i0  one of the 'W' interrogative correlatives). Before we can even speak of why-how-what, we must address the most important part: the stage and it's cast. Prioritizing the remaining 'W's, people come first.\
\

\f1\b Who:\
\
Human kind.\
\

\f2\i\b0 Humanity. Us. Our ancestors. Our offspring, their offspring, etc. But mainly Us.
\f1\i0\b \
\

\f0\b0 After recognizing our being, we must respect the fact that time is our most valuable resource.\
\

\f1\b When:\
\
Always.\
\

\f2\i\b0 Our past, our present, our future, and continuously so.
\f0\i0 \
\
That leave 
\f2\i where
\f0\i0 .\
\

\f1\b Where:\
\
Everywhere.\
\

\f2\i\b0 Anywhere with historic, present, or future significance to Humanity.
\f1\i0\b \
\

\f0\b0 Ok here we are, 8 billion Humans, experiencing the irreversible passage of time, spread out across a tiny planet with a handful in space. We have a lot of history, we have a lot of baggage, we have a lot of hopes and dreams, and we all die. Why is this book a thing?
\f1\b \
\
Why:\
\
We need peace.\
\

\f2\i\b0 We, our offspring, our offspring's offspring, etc, face imminent existential threats. Our future selves need our support, but we can't even seem to take care of ourselves. The only way to gain traction toward solving our biggest problems is by making some standardized form of global peace our sole priority. Everything else must fall into place around this singular direction. If there is no standard for peace, there is no hope of unifying as a species, and our biggest problems demand our unification. On a positive note, unless you live in a bubble of privilege, this reality we live is poor. We can and should expect so much more from what life has to offer us. We know it can be better, and we are motivated to make it so.
\f1\i0\b \
\
How:\
\
Change the way we think about time, and implement new rules that are biased toward treating peace as a process, for the purpose of harnessing Human Nature to power the improvement of our Human Condition.\
\

\f2\i\b0 We will use our experience, knowledge, and wisdom to install a new set of rules and biases in favor of 
\f3\b Why
\f2\b0 , in the form of a methodical peace process. We will recognize the fact that Human Nature, irreducible individual experiences and qualities, the cyclic but irreversible nature of time, these are all constants that we must live with. But, we will do as Humans do best and exploit these constants to harness their individual potentials for the purpose of doing useful work. We will harness the power of human nature to motivate action, where positive action receives positive incentives, and negative action generates negative incentives. We will harness the diverse difference potentials between individual circumstance to deliberately power the action of our Human Nature. We will teach ourselves to become better bookkeepers of time, recognizing that all time is not equal, and the time we do have impacts every facet of our being. Because we recognize our truest negative qualities as a species are unreliability and inconsistency, we will create a system that harnesses these constants, continuing to maintain these rules and biases in favor of 
\f3\b Why
\f2\b0 , even when we sleep or die.
\f1\i0\b \
\
What:\
\
Create a special computer that achieves the 'how' by running a peace process designed to optimize the arrangement of all the pieces and people in our worlds.\
\

\f2\i\b0 We will initiate a broad spectrum invention program revolving about the 
\f3\b How.
\f2\b0  Each invention initiative introduces a new framework for improving the quality of our standardized global peace. The first initiative is to create a economic, political, and social technology to manage all the pieces--all the information, all the objects, ideas, people, worlds, etc. The first initiative is to invent the universal piece computer, a network of world piece computers, all running a singular peace process called the universal piece. The universal piece is the manifestation of global peace itself. Our global peace, simply, becomes the sum of all individual inner peace.
\f1\i0\b \
\
Let's begin.
\f0\b0 \
\
\
\
\
}