{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Far-Future Piece: 2500 NGPE - timespace matter mindmachine.
\f1\b0 \
\
It has only been one thousand and seven hundred and thirty-two years since the resolution of Humanity's first interstellar war with another cellular life form. The outcome was horrific\'97around 1.2 trillion Humans perished\'97but we prevailed as usual, even found a partner. By this point the universal piece computer spans tens of solar systems, plus numerous gargantuan mining, research, and transport outposts. The Individual lives at large.\
At first attack, we immediately put the universal piece to work assembling en masse to compute a solution. Unfortunately, even with timestay tents, we were pressed on time: the enemy possessed technology that creates straight-line trajectories through timespace capable of velocities on order of time compression ratios within tents. (They developed this weapon in tandem with developing their first faster-than-light technology.) Our weaponry was advanced to match, but this one technological advantage our adversary possessed was enough to tip things badly in their favor. At the pace we were sustaining casualties, extinction was clearly imminent. Military peace doctrine was denied in the face of extinction; everything was happening too fast, 
\f2\i billions
\f1\i0  of Human lives lost at a time in some attacks. The enemy intent was eradication. There were ground invasions on all our habitable planets. In one last desperate effort Humanity did what it does best by innovating, and leveraging the savagery of Human Nature\'97in this case by setting out to invent a lethal weapon of what turned out to be multi-xenocidal magnitude.\
The the lethal weapon system was a combination of teleport tech, nanotech, biotech, and advanced cryptography. The killing agent, was an insidious nanotech bioweapon, highly contagious, programmed to kill its host on command after injection into a genetic nucleotide biomass. The delivery mechanism was teleportation. We had to create a phased array teleport antenna by erecting a constellation of pylon relays scattered throughout the region of spacetime Humanity inhabited. The array was capable of steering a teleport relay beam to any localized region of space within a 1000 lightyear radius, easily in range of our adversary's homeworlds.\
But a teleport relay channel needs antennae to receive the relay beam if one wishes to send something through a transport tube via subspace. What made this lethal weapon so insidious\'97so utterly horrific\'97was the 
\f2\i way
\f1\i0  we delivered the nano-bioweapon payloads to our targets (in this case, targets being our adversary's three homeworlds and a handful of satellite worlds). The trick to injecting the weapon into their biomass was to use genetic nucleotide material itself as antennae. What this meant was that with the right relay beam charging frequency, the genetic material of any carbon based lifeform in its path would become a resonant endpoint for a transport tube on the order of the size of typical DNA strands\'97quite large.\
The pylon relays were equipped with replication centers for growing the nano-bioweapon en masse. Once we had enough, we steered the beam to their homeworld cluster, charged the genetic material in that localized region, then deployed the nano-bioweapon killbots through transport tubes into each and every living organism. We repeated this for their satellite worlds. The warships were not viable targets, for they had transport tunnel interference measures in their hulls.\
Finally, we did the unthinkable. We relayed the proper cryptographic signal to the smallest (isolated) homeworld, plus a somber video message to their homeworld cluster. In a moment, we turned off all life on that small homeworld. Everyone stopped.\
The enemy retreated. We then rigged the pylon relay network with a deadman's switch. If the network detected any signs of a massive attack from ships with our Adversary's warp signature, the pylon relay network would 
\f2\i broadcast
\f1\i0  the kill signal.\
The enemy species laid down its arms, agreeing to engage in diplomacy to dismantle the weapon. A big problem though, was that with all the enemy teleportation onto and off of our homeworlds, our species was likewise eventually infected with the killbot. We had introduced a scenario of mutually assured destruction. If we attack them, then they could easily attack us in turn thus triggering the kill signal that annihilates us all.\
This was a dark moment for Humanity, for we are no longer killers by choice. But we killed a planet. War always carries with it collateral damage, so avoiding it was a central part of The Human Imperative from the beginning of the PCE, but this was too much. We mourned the loss of our own, and we mourned the loss of our enemy's noncombatants, and even their combatants.\
And the terror of mutually assured destruction, although we knew it could be reversed, instilled for the first time a collective species-wide feeling of guilt. We had become suicidal terrorists, though provoked. Of course there are still war mongers among Humans, but they have a tiny and insignificant voice these days. We still feel guilty, and rightly so. But we don't dwell, because things worked out.\
We were eager to make peace so that we could disarm the multi-xenocidal superweapon and move on. The resulting diplomatic relations, mutually motivated by peace and reconciliation, revealed some surprising and interesting epiphanies:\
First, our assailants came from a tightly bound three-body system of planets orbiting each another whose center of gravity revolved around a single star. We came to call them the Triplanetarians, the literal translation of their stated name in native tongue. The Triplanetarian system is a 
\f2\i chaotic 
\f1\i0 system meaning that is it impossible to calculate the trajectory of any one planet for too far into the future. (This is due to something called 
\f2\i sensitivity to initial conditions
\f1\i0 , one of the outstanding ancient problems that still frustrates mathematicians to date.)\
We learned that Triplanetarians only recently discovered faster than light travel, which was surprising given how advanced their weaponry was. We learned how long they have flourished on three planets in such a chaotic environment and calculated the odds of their three home worlds surviving, turning out to be an infinitesimally small number. (This alien species was literally the luckiest life form know to Humanity.) The majority of the Triplanetarian species however (several trillion), lives on this three-planet system due to their relatively primitive space travel abilities. The moment they developed faster than light travel, they set out to find new worlds to inhabit. The important part here however, is that Triplanetarian society evolved in a strict climate of 
\f2\i fear
\f1\i0 , a species constantly afraid that the next ten solar cycles might very well be their last. It was an entire intelligent species whose collective psyche was rooted in fear.\
Second, as per protocol\'97in effort to erect a universal language channel between species\'97we introduced the concept of 
\f2\i world piece computer
\f1\i0 . This would begin the universal piece language exchange and education process. What we found however, was that Triplanetarians 
\f2\i also
\f1\i0  had world piece computers. They knew immediately what we were trying to convey. They even had their own functioning universal piece computer of networked world piece computers. Their computers were likewise devoted to overcoming time, and they too had a similar great tent revolution several thousand years ago. We discovered a similarity between their piece computers with some piece computers we had seen early within our species way back in the Piece Computer Era. These similar piece computers were particularly pathological cases of piece computer implementations.\
As 
\f2\i we
\f1\i0  learned over time, if the programming of a world piece computer is biased in terms of fear, anger, and hatred, then that computer's world soon becomes hostile, quite obviously. The reality for Humans though, was that the overarching universal piece computer was programmed first with love and unity in mind, and because it was programmed this way 
\f2\i first
\f1\i0 , good always seemed two steps away from the little 'evil' confronting the time machine for peace invention program\'97that is, the little bits of evil that we were incapable of harnessing to do useful work. Some mathematical historians these days believe that because our piece computers were first programmed for good, when our Great Tent Revolution freed up our time we were able to develop faster than light technology more quickly than the Triplanetarians\'97suggesting of course, that our positive bias is ultimately what saved us from extinction, albeit at perhaps the expense of more advanced weaponry.\
Thirdly, having programmed their first universal piece process according to fear, the very origin of the interstellar conflict was primarily a reflection of their social fear-based climate at the time they turned their universal piece computer on several thousand years ago. We learned that because they came to think in 
\f2\i terms
\f1\i0  of fear, they believed in an idea that we know as the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://FFE0A4B5-4A96-4FD6-8F7F-9E0EE95FC24D"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i dark forest hypothesis}}
\f2\i , 
\f1\i0 originally posed by the ancient science fiction writer {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://FD122092-5105-4262-BEBF-08A1E76C2A5C"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i\b Liu Cixin}} in his book {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://1DA5B93F-BC9F-4000-A9FD-AF642A5E3D96"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i\b The Three Body Problem}}, 
\f0\b -6 PCE
\f1\b0 . The dark forest hypothesis was baked into their universal piece from the beginning.\
The dark forest hypothesis suggests that the cosmos are filled only with predatory species, and thus the only way to ensure one's survival is to annihilate other life forms upon discovery; according to the hypothesis, this is the only safe course of action. So that's what happened (or almost happened, rather). Triplanetarians discovered us and immediately went to war. (We were as prepared as we could be, given our weaponry's technological status, but honestly our greatest weapon was our superior faster than light travel abilities.)\
These three epiphanies formed the basis to a diplomatic solution that ultimately led to a close allied friendship with the Triplanetarians.\
We communicated this difference between universal piece computers. We also shared our experience with other cellular lifeforms, our allies (of which they had none, as they were living in isolation). We explained that although the dark forest hypothesis may apply to certain pathological scenarios, there is actually a 
\f2\i superior
\f1\i0  hypothesis that better fits the data and is ultimately more productive: this is the 
\f2\i light forest hypothesis
\f1\i0 . The light forest hypothesis so far has been validated numerous times; the Triplanetarians were the first case of the dark forest hypothesis that Humans have encountered. Common belief is that there are some galactic regions where the dark forest hypothesis is the prevailing model, but that is not ours. The Triplanetarians were stunned. In fact, they were elated, because we offered them immediate refuge and safe\'97war-free\'97passage to new homes.\
We had one condition though: Triplanetarians must reprogram their universal piece and world piece computers based off our universal piece rooted in love and unity, using our piece as a template if they so choose. They were given one thousand years to comply. When we injected the nano-bioweapon killbots into their biomass, we programmed the controller as an automated smart contract system distributed across the pylon relay constellation to activate in the event of a massive attack. The nano-bioweapon contained a mechanoelectrically cryptographic element that would only allow external molecular interaction with presentation of the proper molecular cryptographic key. Only those who held the key could disarm the weapon. This was absolute terroristic savagery, but then again, we couldn't just trust them. The Triplanetarians were used to living in fear anyways, so they were surprisingly amiable to the arrangement. They were just happy we wanted to help them find a new safe home world and spread roots to new solar systems.\
What we noticed however, was that it only took a couple hundred years for the Triplanetarians to reprogram and evolve their social psyche into one with positive love bias\'97basically overnight. It took the Triplanetarians about as long to reprogram their universal piece, as our universal piece took to make peace with the generational traumas caused by the Triplanetarian attack. We tested their reprogramming extensively. We quickly began to collaborate on mutual interests, and once our species' efforts were intertwined enough that we were clearly interdependent, we agreed to neutralize the nano bioweapon. Since then we have become partners with a common interest: develop the time machine for peace invention program. (In the case of the Triplanetarians, this meant in part to solve the three-body problem, in particular to learn how to manipulate such systems so to save their homeworlds.) Toward this end we have rigorously applied our shared 
\f2\i qualitative difference physics
\f1\i0  to harness the apparent differences between species for the sake of continued scientific discovery. Derivations and following insights have been fruitful.\
Like most serendipity, we made a startling mutual discovery just this year, exactly 2500 years after committing to peace with the Triplanetarians: put plainly, 
\f3\i\b we are actually all the same
\f1\i0\b0 . The Triplanetarians provided the final datapoint we needed to draw this conclusion.\
Up to this point, our allies preferred to maintain strict personal boundaries, as they had since the pre-Common Era of Humanity. We were not to study each others' bodies nor ecosystems. Thus we did not have access to the bodies of an alien life form, but we communicated, exchanged technology, ideas, and shared spacetime as friendlies.\
By uniting with the Triplanetarians, we finally had the opportunity to compare two evolutionary biomes and their inhabitants one-to-one. Analyzing the difference relationships between countless life forms compared to their evolutionary environmental context, a pattern emerged: As we know now, 
\f3\i\b Human Nature is general
\f1\i0\b0 , it permeates all living organisms, and only varies by matter of degree. At the lowest level of life, Human Nature reduces to the dimension of 
\f3\i\b taxis
\f1\i0\b0 . Life attracts to stimuli that help it grow, and is repulsed by stimuli that destroy it. Higher up, once 
\f2\i brains
\f1\i0  start to develop, Human Nature takes on higher complexity, introducing phenomena such as 
\f2\i fear
\f1\i0  and 
\f2\i desire
\f1\i0 , further driving the primal dimension of taxis. Eventually we reach the known pinnacles of Human Nature: 
\f2\i highly intelligent life
\f1\i0 . This overall space of Human Nature is often referred to as 
\f3\i\b universal instinctual tendency
\f1\i0\b0 . Universal Instinctual tendency has a common will: 
\f3\i\b procreate and complexify
\f1\i0\b0 .\
In all cases of instinctual tendency, there is a one-to-one correspondence between the body that experiences taxis, and an inner subjective 
\f2\i feeling
\f1\i0 . In the highest lifeforms with highest complexity, the body additionally takes on the form of 
\f2\i imagination 
\f1\i0 or 
\f2\i self
\f1\i0 , which likewise has a one-to one correspondence with subjective feeling. In organisms with imagination, the imagination itself takes on the will to procreate just like the physical body, but instead of crawling a generalized genetic landscape, is crawls a generalized 
\f2\i memetic
\f1\i0  landscape. This is what we have so long referred to as 
\f2\i identity
\f1\i0 , each individual being like a species in-and-of itself.\
At first glance this really isn't so profound. What 
\f2\i is
\f1\i0  profound is how qualitative difference physics demonstrates in a testable, predictive way that there exists a one-to-one correspondence between biological form, and subjective experience (at least after adjusting for difference in language of course). The resulting principle is what is remarkable about the discovery this year. That is, 
\f3\i\b the principle of qualitative equivalence
\f1\i0\b0 .\
Qualitative equivalence means that if two if two organisms share the same physical or imaginary structure, then those two organisms have the 
\f2\i same raw subjective experience
\f1\i0  that correlates with said structure. If we both have cones in our eyes that interact with visible light at around 700 nanometers, then we will both experience the same essence of redness. (However, the words we use to describe the color red my differ, but this is a different conversation.) The differences in experience are generally 
\f2\i apparent only
\f1\i0 , stemming from variation and meaning derived from the context of other surrounding subjective qualities in an organism's experience space (including of course, remembered experiences).\
There will certainly be skeptics for many years to come, and rightly so. The point is that the mathematics of qualitative difference physics demonstrate that this equivalence principle is the most rigorous and consistent relation we have between the objective and the subjective components of an organism. Currently, there is a race to verify the principle via as many different physical experiment path trees as possible. The scientific and mathematical climate is charged.\
The implications of qualitative equivalence are vast. Stated without proof, by our current understanding, the universe may be expressed as three unified parts: object, image, and mindmachine. There exists a one-to-one correspondence between object and image, linked at points by conscious entities called mindmachines, consciousness being the expression of universal instinctual tendency (Human Nature), and varying by degree.\
A mindmachine is what we think of when we think 'life form', and each is driven by Human Nature (ie the universal instinctual tendency). We cannot prove that our form of mindmachine is unique, so for now Humanity specifies that life as we know it is a mindmachine rooted in timespace, and comprised of matter. 
\f0\b We are timespace matter mindmachines.
\f1\b0 \

\f2\i Timespace
\f1\i0  is derived from the obvious fact that qualities and cycles prevails over spacetime (spacetime being just one qualitative dimension of timespace). Matter in this case means the combination of fermionic and bosonic matter, or the material composition of an organism and its force mediating interactions.
\f2\i  Mindmachine
\f1\i0  is the unique bit, being the literal bridging point between the object of an organism and the inner subjective image. This bridge is what we think of when we think 
\f2\i my sense of self
\f1\i0 . (We must specify that a mechanical object comprised of matter is responsible for the mind, because it may be possible that conscious life forms emerge from a different sort of mechanism, such as purely within the timespace ideaspace, as one hypothesized example.)\
All this is significant for a few reasons.\
For one, it lends to a possible mechanism that bridges the elusive and enigmatic gap between objective and subjective reality\'97or that singular entity we know as 
\f2\i self
\f1\i0 . Physicists long ago proposed that the conscious experience is literally the shape that motion of matter makes as it flows throughout the brain, or in other words, our brain's smear through timespace. This is both the photons of neuronal impulse, and the molecules of synaptic release. This is our mindmachine in the simplest expression.\
Further, the motion of matter changes rate and direction. Physicists also believe that the 
\f2\i change of rate
\f1\i0  in matter flow\'97the change in acceleration\'97is ultimately the seat of our self.\
The tantalizing suggestion is that the concept of 
\f2\i actual intelligence
\f1\i0  is the change in acceleration of this flowing matter within our brains, which may be the change in our sense of self, or 
\f2\i choice
\f1\i0 . The hope is that we can identify the seat of consciousness\'97the free agent\'97by identifying the source of such changes in acceleration within the mattermind.\
Above all, the discovery of 
\f2\i qualitative equivalence 
\f1\i0 is important because it provides a general construct for describing consciousness, and one in terms of that self-aware object we call the 
\f2\i timespace matter mindmachine
\f1\i0 . By our individual experience, consciousness is a singular irreducible point or space attaching object space to image space. 
\f3\i\b I
\f0\i0 .
\f1\b0  All matter flowing through a brain\'97even spatial translation\'97may be expressed as rotation about this conscious point. We have come to refer to 
\f3\i\b I
\f1\i0\b0 , as the center of mass of the system of rotating matter within a timespace matter mindmachine's brain, located at some loop in timespace. (Recall, motion in a straight line, if relative to a single point, may be expressed as a form of rotation.)\
Thus we find ourselves faced with the grand hypothesis:\

\f2\i Consciousness is simply the rotation of stuff.
\f1\i0 \
Most of us are aware of how vague and absurd this sounds, especially in the eyes of the ancients. But it doesn't matter, for this is the best we have to go off of. Solving the Hard Problem of Consciousness\'97the question of 
\f2\i why does our subjective experience feel the way it does
\f1\i0 \'97demands a 
\f2\i mechanism
\f1\i0 , even if we don't understand it fully, or at all for that matter.\
So let's take a step back to look at the big picture.\
The year is 2500, New Global Peace Era, its advent marked by the declaration of war with the Triplanetarians, the war being the beginning of out pursuit for a new kind of peace with a new and unknown free agent on our stage. We made peace by the end of war, and began working toward new prosperity, joining universal piece processes with the Triplanetarians, creating a unified universal piece computer. Now, The Individual is multi-species, still working faithfully on the time machine for peace invention program, to satisfy The Human Imperative. Our primary concern is to solve the multi-body problem (the generalized three-body problem) motivated by the imminent threat to our partner, their three Triplanetarian home worlds. (As we know now, 
\f2\i chaos
\f1\i0  underpinning the multi-body chaotic system is inextricably linked to the irreversibility of time, so the problem actually finds a natural place within the invention program.) The Triplanetarians we know are exceedingly lucky, but we cannot count on that luck to last any longer than we can predict the dynamics of a three-body system.\
As a deeper concern however, we are still very much focused on death. The 
\f2\i second law of thermodynamics
\f1\i0  as specified by our ancient ancestors in the Common Era is just as elusive on the cosmic scale now, as it was back then. (Sure, we can violate it systematically at a local level, but then again even our ancients could do this with their primitive 
\f2\i refrigeration
\f1\i0  technologies as one example\'97nothing special.) The problem we face is that the evidence indicates our universe is still expanding, and now we even suspect that the 
\f2\i rate 
\f1\i0 of acceleration 
\f2\i itself
\f1\i0  may be increasing. The evidence still suggests the same thing it did many millennia ago: 
\f2\i the
\f1\i0  
\f2\i heat death of the universe is inevitable
\f1\i0 . \
So proving we are all the same\'97that we are all just timespace matter mindmachines who share the same subjective experience, just different aspects of it\'97proving this is the crucial piece we needed to really start making sense of consciousness in a scientific sense, not just philosophical. Qualitative equivalence being a fundamental aspect of reality, this makes for the unifying concept we need to really begin making sense of 
\f2\i self
\f1\i0 .\
Besides the quacks, we, via our bi-special polydemocratic universal piece governing process, almost unanimously agree that we now have what we need to move forward and commit to the next era of 
\f2\i The Universal Peace Plan
\f1\i0 , the roadmap for the time machine for peace invention program.\
The New Global Peace Era was relatively short compared to the Piece Computer Era or even the preceding Global Peace Era. We waited a long time, investing a staggering number of Human years worth of research and development, and the time has finally come for us to really focus on inventing a way to survive eternity. The year is 2500 NGPE, the dawn of a new era, the era of the timespace matter mindmachine.\
From then, on Humanity wa\'97\
\

\f0\b * !
\f1\b0 \
\
	"\'97
\f0\b Blair
\f1\b0 .
\f0\b  ...
\f3\i Blair!
\f1\i0\b0 "
\f2\i \
\

\f1\i0 The Individual startled back to attention.\
	"...you look like you're quite intently thinking things through...would you mind sharing your ideas on how you would go about calculating the displacement of the vibrating head of a drum?"\
Oh right. Eigenvalue problems.\
	"Oh right. I mean, it's just another eigenvalue problem, so we take an eigenfunction expansion of the wave-function like usual, and determine each contributing term's coefficient. The problem is identical to the vibrating rectangular membrane. They look different, but if you look closely at the Bessel functions, they are just the same orthogonal sine and cosine basis functions twisted and scaled to work in polar coordinates. This is to accomodate the circular symmetry of the drum head. Like, the cosine is radial and the sine is axial. The two eigenfunction fundamental solution sets look like two completely different worlds, but they are actually the same, just a different set of circumstances. In both cases, the process for deriving the solution, resolving the conflict, the problem, it's identical: we learn to speak the local dialect of the wave-function\'97then we tease out the terms\'97the individuals\'97needed to construct the solution. Teasing out the terms happens by acknowledging, accepting, and respecting the local law of the land\'97that is, we demand that we must satisfy the boundary value conditions and geometry that determine which terms we use and how they scale."\
	"Your statement about Bessel functions is questionable, but yes, this is correct. 
\f2\i Eigenfunction expansion
\f1\i0  would have sufficed however."\
	"I know. I'm just genuinely excited about how we can actually say that a single expansion technique is guaranteed to represent any arbitrary square integrable piecewise smooth function. The implications of the 
\f2\i approach in general
\f1\i0  are pretty profound I think\'97like, mathematics aside."\
	"Yes. The approach is powerful. The challenge of course, is maintaining some semblance of rigor if extending the approach to other realms less amiable to mathematical description..."\
The class sat listening, absorbing, thankful for the interruption. It was a nice break from the drone of the professor and intense pace. The Individual was rather shy, and though he was always verbally engaged with the lecture, he rarely broke into monologues that disrupted class, Whenever it did happen it was always a point of fascination, and certainly irritation for some.\
	"Yeah. Oh, right, focus, anyways, 
\f2\i drums 
\f1\i0 man. 'Effin 
\f2\i Drums
\f1\i0 , how do 
\f2\i they
\f1\i0  work! ...?"\
Somebody in the back exploded laughing\'97the professor was confused, but eager to proceed.}