{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green252\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c98700\c50000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs22 \cf0 5786 GPE\
\

\f1\i0\b0 Qualitative difference physics has always been present throughout the Global Peace Era. In fact, it's origins are dated to around 
\f2\i 14 BGPE
\f1\i0 , or 2016 in the Judeo-Christian timeline. It took some time to really catch on, but in absolute time Humanity has invested something like 4.7 trillion Human-Years in the effort to create such a physics. (Since the Great Tent Revolution in 1378 GPE, millions of physicists of all levels have timestayed--some for as long as a millenia--extending their lives to contribute deeper and deeper pieces to this particular edifice of Human knowledge.\
\
Nobody really questions the need for qualitative difference physics (QDP) anymore. Its purpose is clear: this physics allows us to explain and predict the interaction of general stuff, according to objective and subjective (qualitative) difference.\
\
(To put this in perspective, a classical example taught to children is of two identical spheres. The only qualitative difference between these two spheres is that there are two of them, their number. This difference may be harnessed to do something useful. In this case, it may be leapfrogging the spheres to act as a ruler of length 2R, or it may be as simple as designating two points of space as 'the same type', etc. Modern QDP is advanced enough to calculate the difference potential between two Human beings, and predict their behavior according to known mechanisms that release energy stored in difference potential. Current work in QDP--the past 314 years--has been to explain the 
\f2\i Hard Problem of Consciousness
\f1\i0 . The motivation here is of course to understand 
\f2\i why
\f1\i0  people choose to do what they choose according to their subjective experience of surrounding qualitative reality.)\
\
Explaining and predicting the behavior of general stuff--it's pretty epic. At this point QDP has been successfully integrated into safety technology, engineering design, policy making, etc, for a very long time. Countless lives have been saved by the simple ability to predict whether two objects or concepts will cause either destruction or creation. Countless tragedies averted, uncountable singular suffering and anguish prevented.\
\
The goal has always been to reliably predict Human behavior without disturbing Human behavior. For a long time people saw the value in explaining interaction between objects and concepts, but most people believed it would be impossible to accomplish the same for Humans due to the fact that Humans would have the knowledge that such a physics exists in the first place. It wasn't until 1580 GPE when the first mathematical proof was published to demonstrate the fact that an observer-object relationship is subject to causal unidirectionality. That is, it is indeed possible to influence a macroscopic intelligent object in a one-way causal manner, even if the intelligent object is aware it is being observed. \cb2 (The key to this discovery was the proof two years earlier in 1578 GPE which demonstrated the fact that the way an observer defines their scope of time delineates the difference between determinism and free won't.)\cb1 \
\
Naturally--as there has for millennia--there exists a camp of people who see QDP as yet another object of Human creation that may be used to exploit and do worser harm to others. As it happens though, this camp has become quite small, consisting mainly of conspiratorial skeptics of the global peace system, most of them living in the dark zones of the universal piece computeraz. The reality is that the universal piece computer has become sophisticated enough that constants in Human Nature like greed, manipulation, mal-intent--have all been harnessed by the universal piece to minimize Human suffering and maximize well-being. Though QDP still cannot reliably predict individual Human behavior, Humanity feels a collective sense of peace knowing it is doing everything it can to satisfy The Human Imperative.}