{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 1-6 Disambiguating Peace - terminology\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
So far I've been using 'peace' without actually addressing how 'peace' as a concept is used in the Time Machine For Peace program. Peace and world peace are the most common peace nouns. Let's establish some rules and define terms. This will be essential to understanding in section two and beyond.\
\
This defines the core of the shared language I propose. A glossary and specification found in appendix[].\
\
First, I will refrain from using the phrase 'world peace'. It is too loaded, charged, and elicits imagery of fantasy utopias and kumbaya nonsense. (Kumbaya btw, originated as a German word meaning 'come from God'.) Instead, we will define 'global peace' as the mature big brother of world peace. Global peace is realistic, messy, chaotic. Global peace is to treat peace on a global scale (species wide), as the _product_ of the global peace system we erect. It is the system's state in any given moment. Likewise, we will add two more versions of global peace to represent a group's local world peace, and an individual's personal world peace.\
\
world peace -> global peace (global scale)\
world peace -> local peace (group scale)\
world peace -> individual peace (person scale)\
\
Next, I throw away 'peace', as it is too vague. Every Human being on the planet has a different understanding of what 'peace' means, so this is way too much to contend with (at least for now). Like 'world peace', it will be more productive to just leave 'peace' as it is in general use. However, one exceedingly common usage of 'peace' is to mean 'inner peace'. We will use the following:\
\
peace -> inner peace (within person)\
\
If that isn't enough, this next rule is by far the most irritating aspect of the language choice moving forward. (It absolutely drives people crazy, but this is more a fault of my poor communication skills and their inability to think fluidly.) Bear with me for now.From now on, in place of 'peace' and 'world peace', we will use 'piece' and 'world piece'. Besides 'global peace', 'piece' and 'world piece' are in fact the most important substitutions we can make. Like 'peace', the concept of a 'piece' becomes part of the knowledge tree's trunk. Most of this has to do with the fledgling piece-based physics that guides this program's efforts. (Section three will dive deep into this, but for now it goes to state that our universe's evolution of real matter and imaginary constructs is best described as a singular blob of pieces. The similarity between 'peace' and 'piece' in the English language may be misfortunate, but then again, there may certainly be a link between 'peace' as a concept, and 'piece' as a thing.\
\
piece (not peace)\
world piece (not world peace)\
\
Finally, we have to make the most important language distinction: peace as a process vs peace as a product (or result). Usually when somebody says 'peace', what they are referring to a static but temporary state of being (death being an exception). People often mean things like 'tranquil', 'calm', or 'still' when they say 'peaceful'. These are states of being that are pleasant and we work to attain them. This work we do to attain pleasant things is a dynamic and continuous process, and how we approach the work we do must change all the time to adapt to changing circumstance. The calm will only last until the storm comes. A bystander who was once enjoying the calm will now do work to return to calm; they will seek shelter or they will find better weather.\
\
This constant effort to return to good states of being is peace as a process, and we will call 'the universal piece' from now on.\
\
\{\{\
Universal Peace is the name of a peace advocacy  foundation that approaches peace from the perspective of unifying religions. We use under case 'universal piece' which a general concept and not the same as Universal Peace Foundation's work. If they have issue with the use of 'universal piece' in this program, I will consider 'unipeace', more likely I'll just contend.\
\}\}\
\
So the origin of 'theuniversal piece' goes like this: \
"\
[original language preserved] If we want to take world peace seriously, we need to consider the sources of war -- people. If an individual is at war with themself or the world in any way, this is liable to spill over into other individuals' lives. This becomes a local state of war (generalized), which would disqualify any claim to world peace.\
\
Thus, to attain world peace, we must ensure that each individual Human world is at peace first (again, inner peace), and every family, and every community, etc [we can see language becomes an issue here].\
\
But each world has a different notion of world peace, all 8 billion Human worlds plus all the other group worlds beyond that. It would seem that 'world peace' is not a great concept to refer to when talking about idealized global peace. Instead it makes more sense to think in terms of how to get all these 'world peace' versions to align in a way the maximizes the good and minimizes the bad.\
\
That is the purpose the universal piece serves. It serves as a process that continuously arranges/rearranges, connects/ disconnects Human worlds to find the optimal fit for a given set of circumstances. Because circumstances change, the universal piece process must be constantly evolving. As solutions to the universal piece we be bad at first, then steadily improve, this means the process is what we call 'iterative'. Calling on variational and numerical principles from mathematics, we can systematically explore the global peace solution space, then converge on better world-configuration solutions over time. For the sake of remaining simple (and for the sake of some considerations we will put off for now) we will define the universal piece as being 'singular'. This means that there can be only one universal piece process.\
\
We will revisit the universal piece soon, but for now I hope this language primer will save some confusion later on. All the concepts and terms above are essential if you and I want to better make sure we're on the same page.}