{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Near-Future Piece: 13 PCE - Prototype: Piecespace, in the field.
\f1\b0 \
\
Most of what the warroom managed were computational pointers to bits\'97the pieces\'97that were distributed throughout the surrounding piecespace in Anchorage, Alaska and abroad. By this point it was well understood that it is too computationally expensive to convert pieces into digital bits, and simply, it is easier to leave the pieces in place and bring the world piece computer to 
\f2\i them
\f1\i0 . The Anchorage homeless world piece computer had become a truly distributed computational system.
\f3\i\b \
\
Somewhere in Anchorage, Alaska
\f1\i0\b0 \
Meanwhile in the piecespace, in Midtown Anchorage, a group of four men were huddled\'97two sitting, one kneeling and one standing\'97in a circle around the backside of a large green power transformer, a metal box the size of a small car, one of many scattering the city. There was trash strewn around the four men, an open to-go container with what looked like french fries on the ground to the left of the one kneeling, a blanket shared by the two sitting, and the man standing, just steadily swaying there, occasionally throwing his hands up in passionate gesticulation. There was a handle of cheap vodka\'97or maybe it was white rum\'97in his right hand, nearly full. He took a swig and passed it around. \
It was good weather in Anchorage! Sun just set, so the twilight of dusk glowed dark blue gradient on the horizon. The weather was amazing compared to the day before\'97a balmy 40 degrees Fahrenheit with no looming precipitation in sight. A street light had just turned on nearby casting an orange glow from the surviving relic of a sodium lamp. The moon was out. Spirits were high.\
The four were friends. They met on the street. All four of them were chronic alcoholics, smokers, with the occasional meth moment once in a blue moon. Two of them had developed symptoms of early schizophrenia that are commonly associated with late stage alcoholism\'97seeing shadow people in the peripheral vision, paranoia, hearing the occasional invisible voice behind, stuff like that. All four were rather moody, as the mood swings from chronic substance abuse are tumultuous at best. But none of that ever got in the way of the companionship and sense of camaraderie they felt together. Two were veterans, one elderly from the Vietnam war, and one youth from the War in Iraq. Two of the four were white, two Alaska Native. Their clothes were beyond filthy, teeth in various states of decay, their faces puffy and weathered and shiny with oil and sun and cold exposure, hair of medium length, shaggy and greasy. They had all gotten used to each other's smell, and none of them cared to remember the last time they showered: they were drinking tonight and life was good.\
This would have been the typical scene a couple years ago, but now was different. These four were actually more united than back then, as they now formed a homeless 'family unit' world piece computer. Their computer of four was connected directly to the Anchorage homeless world piece computer via various protocols and assistive technologies. They were drinking tonight, but they were also working. Laying beside two on the ground\'97clipped to the clothing on the kneeling and standing\'97were little medallions the size of an Oreo cookie, each with a different colored glowing LED light. Red, blue, green, and yellow.\
There was a large button on each medallion, and these men were instructed to press it every time they felt anger or sadness or felt sick. These medallions were simple trackers with an assigned color light and a feature where they could turn off the tracker by twisting it apart if anything went wrong and they needed help from the Community Safety Patrol. The men were likewise instructed to twist 
\f2\i all 
\f1\i0 their medallions apart if they needed medical or police assistance. These were originally made at the local Maker Space, but had recently sourced production to a local fab-fab factory to begin exporting the tech to other parts of the country. They were actively setting up their own manufacturing facility in Anchorage dedicated to producing homeless tech to cut out the middle men and create local jobs.\
The four remained connected to the Anchorage homeless world piece computer because they were employed in sorts. They knew they could make more cash\'97or even straight food and booze\'97in exchange for carrying these little trackers around, gathering intelligence about other disconnected homeless in the area, and running their own instance of the universal piece. Besides, it was kind of fun, like a  board game but with no board, just real-life space and pieces.\
Because the universal piece is biased to favor tolerance over intolerance, instead of seeing the relationship as enabling, the homeless world piece computer saw an opportunity to coax the men with help and treatment in one of the halfway houses proffered to the project. In this case, these were mainly abandoned churches and unoccupied foreclosed derelict homes on loan in a recent property-piece agreement brokered between the homeless computer and a few local banks and lending agencies.\
Tonight the men were at that particular transformer for a reason; they had a scheduled meeting with somebody from the homeless computer's street team. Each one also held a small white card as they passed the bottle around. These were like id cards. The one standing and swaying was standing for a reason otherwise he would certainly be sitting, but he was currently the 
\f2\i peacemaker
\f1\i0  for the universal piece process they were running in that moment. The peacemaker was responsible for facilitating the process, for mediating and helping things along.\
These four men were having this session because two of the men\'97the one sitting and the one kneeling\'97were at odds about where the four of them should go next. One wanted to wander over to a nearby encampment in the woods, while the other wanted to stay put, just chill. The remaining two simply didn't give a shit ever, so they were typically the peacemaker.\
They were incentivized to limit their world piece computer as a family unit of at least three, but no larger than five. They were incentivized to stay together. If the homeless computer monitoring team noticed them split up (an automated script in the tracking system programmed by the a couple local high school after-school coding camps), then the four men would not get compensated for the information they gathered, and they would not get as much money\'97food or booze\'97in return. This was in part to help ensure their safety as vulnerable adults, and also to keep them from becoming a clique or gang.\
Already they were pretty buzzed\'97not lit up, just buzzed. The two at odds were taking turns exchanging language by reading prompts off their little white cards and making statements about their belief in what they should do. After each time they would pause and the peacemaker plus the other two would think about what peace biases each statement favored. The fourth man, sitting, was passively serving the role of 
\f2\i peacekeeper
\f1\i0 , as usual, and he would check to make sure the seven rules of the universal piece computer were followed. Every time the two at odds came to an agreement on the peace biases favored in a given statement, and the peacemaker agreed with the agreement, the peacemaker would pass the bottle to the three for a little nip, but not a pull. Whenever the two and the peacemaker were at odds, the peacekeeper would intervene, sometimes with physical force because he was after all, the eldest and most respected, physically experienced.\
Throughout the piece process cycles, the men would press various buttons on their medallions. This registered with the warroom that an aspect of the piece process was engaged within that particular family-unit piece computer. On occasion the voice recognition listeners in the medallions would pick up a key word or phrase and increment a counter. The data was stored and likewise used as a measure of how active\'97and how compensated\'97the four men would be for their connection with the overall homeless piece computer.\
As they went they made tallies with the french fries for each participant's choice, when their statements' peace biases were agreed on. The tallies were almost always an even score, because this was an amiable family unit after all. The french fry tallies signified the merit of an option, and unless there was a veto from either the peacekeeper or the peacemaker (rarely), the real question was simply which option to do first. The peacemaker\'97being the most diplomatic of the four and always looking for win-wins suggested that because their contact had not arrived yet, and they did not know how long they would be, their family-unit world piece computer should remain put first. The should meet the contact, then move to the encampment once the liquor in the bottle reached the bottom of the logo on the label.\
And so they agreed and put their cards in their pockets, leaving their lights out for the homeless computer street team contact to find them. One ate the french fries off the ground.\
They had come to really enjoy the universal piece process, because it really 
\f2\i was
\f1\i0  like a game, a way to engage mentally for a minute or two, here and there. There were points, there were rules, there were outcomes, there was laughter, and anger, and frustration; the intellectual and emotional stimulation was oddly enough, addicting. Like many on the streets, these were not necessarily stupid or lazy people, rather over the many years they just happened to be improperly incentivized by society and fell into patterns of substance abuse, defiance, resentment, isolation, and declining mental health. Once on the street, there are simply very few incentives within immediate reach, and immediate relief from their woes is what most crave (if not all of us in general). Tell them to get a job? That's not going to fix anything 
\f2\i now
\f1\i0 . They need their fix 
\f2\i now
\f1\i0 . But, the intellectual and emotional stimulation was a nice alternative diversion from these woes, especially when the weather was as nice as that night.\
After a few minutes' silence, the one man at odds who wanted to stay at the transformer told the other that after-all, it really would be nice to have some soft ground to sleep on tonight instead of the harsh pebbles surrounding the transformer. Good idea friend.\
And good timing, for in that moment of silence their contact skirched to a halt on a bike with cargo containers hanging off the back wheel-rack to either side. This was somebody who recently transitioned from the street to a nearby halfway house for treatment, education, and support while he got back on his feet. He too, was employed of sorts by the homeless world piece computer, but he probably made more than those four men did combined, and he was grateful. But the real wealth came from feeling a sense of freedom and purpose after replacing his chronic addiction to alcohol with the support network and mission provided by the homeless computer. (Well, he wasn't entirely sober, but a little is a long ways from a lot, so again the universal piece process favors tolerance over intolerance, moderation over abstinence or excess.)\
He spoke their language fluently. They met once a while back, but he introduced himself again anyway, and knew their names ahead of time because each color was assigned its own unique name for this family unit. They made small talk and he asked how their universal piece was going, and what they had plans for that evening while he plugged their medallions into his handset one at a time to download their data. (There was also a feature in each medallion that activated when a medallion senses it is in close proximity to a medallion from a different world piece computer family unit, thus recording any conversation that ensues. This voice data is later analyzed by speech recognition and machine learning algorithms to identify trends and patterns in the homeless social space\'97tracking rumors with valuable insights about somebody's whereabouts, for example.)\
The contact noticed the yellow man's distress-button count was higher than the rest\'97significantly. He asked what the matter was, and if he needed to initiate the universal piece process to work it out. The yellow man declined and just said that his stomach was kind of hurting a lot the day before. The contact made note in his handset, and reminded them to disable all their trackers if he needed to go to the hospital. The contact was given a small cash allowance for each visit, and was instructed to spend it on whatever they thought was best for their family unit. Although the Anchorage homeless world piece computer formally did not support enabling by using the allowance to buy alcohol, when the street team individuals hit the street, they were technically individual world piece computers that were connected to the Anchorage homeless world piece computer at large, instances of The Individual free to make their own moves.\
Street team contacts were free agents, bound only to the seven rules of the universal piece, in particular their honor to their commitment to the homeless world piece computer's prosperity mission, to maximize the sense of individual inner peace for those living on the streets, and all those affected. Tonight, along with the parcel of food likewise provided in addition to the allowance, the contact bought a bottle for the family unit and two bags of sour gummy worms because word on the street was that this family unit loves gummy worms. (He wanted to establish strong rapport first, before making asks from them, because this is diplomacy 101. His mission to maximize his personal sense of inner peace was to see these men get treatment and help for their suffering. He was willing to do whatever to achieve this, even if that meant buying unhealthy booze and gummy worms.)\
But he noticed the bottle of clear liquor on the ground next to the peacemaker, it was nearing the logo on the front label, so still a lot left. From his personal experience, once you start drinking as an alcoholic, you don't stop until it's done or your pass out, so he told them he bought them a bottle but wanted to save it for tomorrow because he wanted to get information from the encampment first. He passed on the gummy bears though, and the men were thrilled. They offered him a nip from the bottle, but the contact knew better because he was given a safety training before assuming his role and didn't want to risk getting herpes. He smiled and thanked them, telling them he was taking a 'tolerance break'. Intrigued, they quizzed him about taking breaks from drinking to excess every night.\
It was approaching time to part ways, for the contact had a few more family units to visit that night. As a final step he pulled out a notepad and asked the men to recount any homeless individuals disconnected from the homeless computer network. They rattled off a vaguely incoherent list of names and locations. And that was it.\
The contact pulled out four medallions with a fresh charge, set their lights to red, blue, green, and yellow, and exchanged them for the four mens'. He asked them if any of them needed a new universal piece process card, which they did not. Then they agreed on a place to meet the next day to trade more information for the bottle. He told them a quick joke, and they loved it. They wandered off to the encampment.\
The contact was confident that with the right long-game approach, combined with the fact that the men had to stick together as a family unit to get more of what they want, he would be able to convince them to make a group decision to get help and be as individually wealthy as he had become. Social accountability is powerful.\
He sent a quick confirmation text to the pieceprocess warroom, and biked off to the next family-unit world piece computer. The data from the pickup had already been uploaded to the piecebrain digital piecespace memory, all automatically of course.\
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~\
\
From field teams to agents and others, the warroom was their command center. The warroom was responsible for running the universal piece\'97the local peace process. If anything came up that required a decision to deviate from the current running process, they would consult their local piecebrains, or they would forward a decision request to the central piecebrain.}