{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 1-5 Consilience\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
This chapter, like the rest in this section, is a prelude for the next section where we get into describing the central invention project in the Time Machine For Peace program. Here we discuss one of the primary functions of the world piece computer: knowledge unification.\
\
Consilience was first popularized by the biologist Edward O Wilson. The idea is that instead of disciplines becoming more and more specialized, siloed and out of touch with each other, we should instead endeavor to bring knowledge together into a whole, unified via a common language (a universal 'knowledge language' so to speak. More technically, this is to create an _ontology_ from all the discrete bodies of knowledge, all the various disciplines.\
\
Unifying knowledge is important in two main regards:\
\
The first is that in terms of solving the global peace problem, we need all the tools we can get. If knowledge is unified, for example to unify art and science, we are more able to traverse to and fro between pure art and pure science at will. The value in this comes from the fact that merging disciplines introduces new language. Art language may be applied to science, and science language may be applied to art. This is powerful because this allows us to make novel -- and more -- associations. If I am a scientist, I can think of my experiment design as an art. The experiment has a gestalt, it has different tone and texture that must be managed. It has instruments in the same way a studio has supplies. The creative process cannot be neglected. On the flipside, if I am an artist, I can think of my current piece as an experiment. There is discovery involved, there is precision control of variables such as stroke weight, length, etc. I can take an unsatisfactory work and turn it into an experiment where I vary parameters, creating hypotheses along the way, to achieve better technique and results. The scientific method cannot be neglected. Cross pollination between peace-based disciplines will provide us with more insight we need to tackle the global peace problem.\
\
The second regard has to do with individual knowledge (and experience). We all have different knowledge we have accumulated over time, and it serves us in many beneficial ways. My knowledge contains insights, knowhow, and tricks (among other things) that serve me very well in my day-to-day. However, you probably don't know all my tricks and insights and knowhow. Likewise me to you, I cannot know all the value you store in your knowledge bank. So, say you and I share similar problems or difficulties. We are both on the hunt for new ways of approaching the same old problems, and the quickest way to do so is to access the person aspect of the Trifecta (doing so however, is at the expense of time and energy). You and I stand to profit by making peace (if not so), and working together to exchange our respective language. We both learn new things and we both walk away from the exchange better equipped to face reality. (Unifying individual knowledge always reminds me of the Vulcan mind meld, but unfortunately we don't have it so easy as telepathy.) The more people unify knowledge with one another, the more equipped we are to solve our hardest problems. The more unification, the more mutual understanding, thus the less likely we are to fall victim to accidental conflict.\
\
So what is the glue here? Be it individuals or disciplines, unifying knowledge has the common element of _language_. In order to unify two bodies of knowledge, there must be a higher degree of _understanding_ between them. If I try to understand your knowledge without knowing how to speak your language, I will fail. Likewise, the people tasked with unifying two disciplines must have the ability to understand the language of both. Language is the glue.\
\
Sometimes understanding language is difficult and nuanced. For example, you and I may both use the word 'dangerous' at times. You may by default say 'dangerous' and mean 'unsafe', whereas I may by default mean 'extremely competent'. If you and I were unifying our knowledge, we may actually need to invent our own shared language between us. The shared language is only ever supplemental (or not, as in the case of invented languages like Esperanto), so we won't need much and in many cases we can invent it as we go.\
\
Things of course get more complicated the more disciplines' and individuals' knowledge we attempt to unify at once. Here we are forced to find something common, but the problem with concepts that span many realms of discourse is that said concepts are often extremely vague and loose, with a myriad meanings between contexts and people. Shared language in this case must be more deliberately crafted.\
\
Thankfully, if we are speaking in terms of unifying peace-based versions of disciplines, this makes the choice of language glue very easy. Such a shared language will revolve about the concept of _peace_ (and as my effort is concerned, the concept of peace as drawn out in this book). Likewise, peace-minded individuals will have an easy time adopting a peace-based shared language because the Time Machine For Peace program is so large it will be infeasible without.\
\
It is tempting to draw back and exclaim, "you\'92re talking about inventing a universal language!" Not so fast, well, not yet at least. Language in general is 'living' they say. This means it is constantly changing, each news cycle, each inside joke, each movie and new piece of slang. Inventing a shared language cannot constitute a universal language because there is no machinery to facilitate the process of language exchange and evolution. When I say 'universal' I mean so in the sense that I use the word in this book. We'll get to that later or you can check the glossary but suffice to say, 'universal' in this context means between and among worlds. Universal language will not just include a standard language (grammar, lexicon, etc) but it will also include a process -- protocols even -- for connecting worlds of individuals and disciplines. Said process will include procedures (or agreements) to exchange, verify, correct, adjust, etc, the peace-based shared language. These procedures in general will focus on knowledge unification and learning, an educational process.\
\
This is what we will address in section two. We will explore how the concepts of a _world piece computer_ and _the universal piece computer_ will serve as this machinery of language exchange and evolution. World piece computers networked into the universal piece computer, coupled with the shared peace-based language, will be the proper universal language.\
\
Knowledge should live on one tree. The knowledge tree should have only one trunk. By creating peace-based versions of institutions, entities, ourselves, we stand to achieve a meaningful and purpose-driven form of consilience where the trunk is a universal concept of peace. Before we can unify as a people, we will need to begin tackling the unification of knowledge. Before we can do that, we need to disambiguate between the different types of peace that I will use throughout .\
}