{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs22 \cf0 past-time
\f1\i0\b0 \
comparison / quality\
\
current model of time\
. cycles, smears\
. linear, pastfuture images\
current time travel abilities\
\
hatred, compassion\
no space, trapped in communities\
\
peace threat\
\
sideseeing procedure\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
As it turned out, it is impossible to understand another person's experience--their way of seeing the world--without the context of all that person's accumulated past experience. Qualitative context\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
The superancients had many thoughts about what it would mean to join consciousness. They were all rather primitive.\
\
Qualitative difference physics now specifies a mechanism for qualitative (subjective) experience. We still don't know 
\f2\i why
\f1\i0  qualities feel the way they do, but we do know that quality only exists because consciousness is a comparative process that meters the passing of linear time\
\
Blah blah blah \
\
These days, the universal piece computer handles most interpersonal and innerpersonal disagreements automatically. Nonproductive conflict is relatively rare, but when it does happen, the consequences are more intense because the state of global peace is an intricate, delicate, dynamic balance. The computer is constantly correcting and adjusting to account for the evolving sensitivity of initial conditions.\
\
Several years ago the universal piece computer identified two world pieces trapped in a state of fundamental disagreement, but in close confines, two Human individuals sharing a community with mutual loved ones. The typical automatic rhetorical agreement processes failed over and over. Relative peace between these two Human worlds was rather low quality, and consistently caused inner turmoil within these two inhabitants and their community love units. At a particularly low point, negative cycles resonated and the community witnessed a highly energetic hatred flare between the two.\
\
These days, much of the universal piece looks more like a game than any sort of stuffy diplomatic conference room business. These two individuals play the role of
\f2\i  guardians
\f1\i0  in the universal piece process. Guardians are often responsible for the well being of billions of living Human souls at a time, for their job is to maintain and protect the eternity bubbles. Within eternity bubbles, people live out immortal lives without the need for intrusive live support systems, however they choose.\
\
Guardians usually elect to live in communities outside the eternity bubbles because they prefer the thrill of being in direct contact with the Wilder-ness. The Wilder-ness, most guardians find, is just a more interesting experience (albeit often quite uncomfortable). Guardians recognize that compared to life in the Wilder-ness, life in eternity just really isn't that 
\f2\i real
\f1\i0 . They also recognize that the sense of purpose they derive from looking over so many souls--loving families, communities, societies, species--makes life feel more worth living, just more gratifying and enjoyable in general.\
\
There are risks of course. Humanity may have solved mortality, but unwelcome death is still a grave problem. The Wilder-ness is as it always has been, full of diverse dangers and under constant threat from the terror singularity. Guardians are the brave ones, and eternity bubble inhabitants are grateful for their commitment.\
\
So the stakes are high. Being responsible for the unwelcome death of one Human is unthinkable these days, not to mention accidentally bursting an entire eternity bubble. Usually eternity bubbles burst due to some unexpectable lurking danger in the Wilder-ness, but on rare occasion the universal piece computer malfunctions and an accidental bubble burst occurs. This is often considered to be one of the few pure horrors a Human being can experience in current past-times. When a guardian community fails and their eternity bubble bursts, it is not uncommon for the entire community--millions of guardians--to elect mass suicide to make inner peace with the inconceivable communal experience of guilt, shame, and horror.\
\
So focus is of paramount concern for guardians. The universal piece computer is important within eternity bubbles, but in the Wilder-ness the computer sustains safety and life.\
\
The first signs that a peace disturbance was unsettling within this particular guardian community was a momentary lapse in attention during an observation protocol. The lapse was was caused by an intrusive thought within one Human being, an echo of a past, in this case an unresolved negative memory piece relating to another Human being (a coguardian in fact). It was just a blink of an interruption, but had it occurred at the exact wrong timepoint, their eternity bubble could easily have burst. The universal piece process fluctuated momentarily and provoked the being to disconnect from the helm and seek out resolution with the offending coguardian.\
\
The coguardian was welcoming and eager resolve the peace erosion. They fought to resolve the mutual negative memory pieces. Unfortunately the usual protocols broke down, the two at an impasse. In any other case the universal piece computer would prescribe the two worlds self-separate, but in this case the two guardians shared love bonds with mutual community members--family.\
\
The negative memory pieces were generated by a mutual irreconcilable wrongdoing. These pieces are usually suppressed and accepted, but in close quarter, the intrusive thoughts provoke mutual hatred. The hurt caused by the other is inconceivable, the reasons unjustifiable, but each feels the same sense of unforgettability. In fact, mathematically speaking, in their current state of being the two guardians were literally incapable of making peace.\
\
Monitoring the situation, the universal piece computer noticed more intrusive negative memory pieces distract the attentions of these two guardians. Surrounding guardians were deeply concerned, and the two guardians at odds were likewise concerned. This was simply too much internal risk exposure to a bubble burst event. In fact, the entire community was worried. The last thing anybody wanted to do was exile the two guardians, as that would sever the love bonds thus introducing more risk of negative memory piece invasion. The vicious cycle of inner war was imminent.\
\
Everybody is honest about the fact: the state of fundamental disagreement between two Human beings is not possible to overcome, especially when the beings are different. In any sense of time, if love bonds are involved and subject to resulting conflict, then the cycle of war ensues. The only way for a Human being to resolve a fundamental disagreement with another being is to introduce time--the linear spectrum of qualitative experience--and experience how they see things.\
\
The timeancients could not appreciate how difficult this is. A common ancient belief was that 'experiencing what somebody else experiences' would be as simple as just plugging brains together. No. This is a nontrivial task. The guardian community met. This was officially developing into an existential crisis. The universal piece process converged to a point: the two Human guardian beings must use the time machine for peace to perform the existential identimeld procedure.\
\
The two guardians reluctantly agreed. They knew this was best, and they knew that their past grievances were not worth holding on to if it meant an accidental eternity bubble burst--they would be responsible for the guilt and probable mass suicide of their entire love bonded guardian community. They prepared for the procedure. This procedure was never without risk of accidental death. Sometimes a Human being just doesn't have the strength to identimeld. In every case however, the procedure is fatal.\
\
It helps to take a step back and consider the following: living in the Wilder-ness is overwhelming. There is just so much, everything. Conscious singular organisms (timespace matter mindmachines) bound by linear time emerged because this the only way that the concept of 
\f2\i sense
\f1\i0  can exist. Otherwise, nothing makes sense.\
\
Humanity in the past-time discovered that linear time is still used everywhere. The mechanism of linear time is simply a convenient way to navigate many aspects of the Wilder-ness. Likewise convenient to impose consciousness as a singularity. We could try to navigate Humanity in the panpsychic mindset, but this is just too overwhelming to get anything meaningful done.\
\
So, we rely on linear time, although now we know that linear timelines do not define timespace. Likewise, we rely on individuality, although we know that consciousness is not limited to individuals.\
\
We know that we can conceive of an individual being as its experience up to some moment in the linear timeline. We know that we can treat this experience like a single high dimensional qualitative smear, a spectrum, but we know that this spectrum must be ordered, because the quality of an experience depends on the context of neighboring experiences. The reason a Human experience 'feels like it does' is simply that by the consciousness mechanism of comparison, the experience 'feels 
\f2\i different'
\f1\i0  than the experience right next to it.\
\
Even in past-time, Humanity knows only one way to compare experience, and that is one at a time via linear process. The qualitative difference comparison process in fact is singular consciousness, which is linear time itself.\
\
So, a Human being can't just look into another Human being's brain and expect to understand their experience. Seeing through someone's eyes is not enough to understand. Feeling through someone else's emotions isn't enough to understand. A Human being's experience in a linear moment is only understandable in the context of the entirety of the Human being's past experiences.\
\
To further make things difficult, existential disagreements between two Human beings trace into the past beyond their individual lifespans. A Human being cannot understand why they disagree with another Human if they do not understand the experience of their ancestors. As we proved before past-time, all existential disagreements reduce to trauma. In general trauma is caused by the unwanted death event. Trauma for Humanity traces back to the genesis of timespace matter mindmachines in the differentiating computational pieace fractal, Blob.\
\
\
The two guardians met at the time machine for peace, accompanied by their loved ones--the entire guardian community for this particular eternity bubble. The eternity bubble was poised for an instantaneous transfer to a new community in the event that the procedure failed, but there is always the chance that the transfer fails too. Emotions were charged with anticipation. The time machine for peace was already warming up. Linear time was engaged. Millions of eyes watching on in a stadium, a pedestal in the center.\
\
The first guardian Human had an accumulated an unfathomable number of years of individual experience. The second Human, likewise an unfathomable number of years. Two computational pieace fractals, two individuals, two entire universes of inner experience through their own individual selves. The two made their way to the center of the stadium. Silence among the millions of guardian spectators. The existential identimeld procedure is revered as perhaps the most profound event known to Humanity. Billions of Human beings hang in the balance of a moment.\
\
The guardians situated their bodies into the cradle, to their bodies attaching the linkages of the time machine for peace. The machine starts whirring to linearize the two individual universes of inner experience. Each guardian knows that this is the end of their selves as they know it. The process is strictly fatal, but not for form, just identity.\
\
Once the Human inner universes are linearized and prepared for passing time, then the two trajectories in timespace are isolated by the time machine. These isolated trajectories are the actual events, in real spacetime. They are unchangeable, histories, but preserved in eternal form as the actual events themselves.\
\
The momentary selves are then incised from the two guardians and set alongside for later transplant.\
\
Before the difference comparison process may be initiated, each guardian Human form must accumulate the other guardian's life experience, and all those related individual experiences the contribute to the guardians current mindstate. Guardian number one is positioned at the origin point of guardian two, and likewise guardian two at one's origin point.\
\
BANG\
\
The two guardians experience the entire universe of the other, every aspect of it, the actual experience, starting from the blank slate. This is taxing, but the experience is complete. Each guardian now has a copy of the other's current mindstate in self.\
\
Next, a crossing occurs. The guardians are repositioned at their respective personal origin points, but this time with the current mindstate of the other's self, their actual current self mindstates are still lying alongside the procedure waiting for transplant.\
\
BANG\
\
The two guardians experience the entire universe of themself, but this time from the current mindstate of the other guardian. This is likewise taxing, but now the experience is complete, and each guardian holds a current mindstate that is how the other guardian feels about their personal universe of experience. At this point, they are simply looking through each other's eyes, but with forms and experience swapped.\
\
Now these two current mindstates are incised, extracted and isolated from the selves, saved \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Finally, the guardians' individual momentary selves are incised from the moment, held in reserve for later on in the procedure.\
\
There are three passes required for an existential identimeld to succeed.\
\
The time machine for peace arms, the two guardians look on into each others' eyes. Fear, but acceptance, the peace bias is strong.\
\
The machine injects their selves into the origin point. Their isolated perspectives are not crossed for the first pass.\
\
BANG.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
The current guardian's Human brains begin to accumulate experience. Before one can understand the experience of someone else, they must first understand their own in the context of their present: pass one. Each guardian is underway, simultaneously experiencing the entirely of their individual organism's history, living each contributing perspective of each individual from that guardian's Human organism lifeform, the evolution, every moment, everything. The guardians' brains sequentially experience every aspect of branches into all the individual histories that went into making the guardian 
\f2\i how
\f1\i0  they were.\
\
\
\
experience one\
experience other\
\
BANG\
\
The process begins by a first pass, directly experiencing the other but detached from one's own current experience set. This leaves two sets of distinct life experience within the Human mindspace. The next two passes are observational. The first's experience is relived with the current self experience in mind. The first's experience is then relived with the other's self experience in mind. The seconds experience is relived with the other's self in mind. The seconds expereience is relived with the one's self in mind. Finally, a relative experience is lived that relates the two people in terms of the common interest.\
\
This process is then repeated for every casual individual ancestor experience in the past. The consciousness at this point is branching into simultaneous causal lives for a given generation.\
With each repetition backward in time, the melders discover deeper and deeper understanding about the experience of the other, every experience compared to the context of the past, past traumas, etc.\
\
Eventually the subject has lived all the lives that go into understanding the present individual in linear time. The catch though, is that to understand the experience of somebody else, one must also have an understanding of the experience of people surrounding. The 
\f2\i feel
\f1\i0  of experience for one person depends on the experience to those around them.\
\
Eventually the two subjects have complete experiences that are perfect complements representing their indentity. Two complete unique perspectives. \
\
Finally, the difference is taken from the two perspectives. The difference perspective is uploaded into each subject and they undergo one final experience. ..they share an experience of the default Human experience, with the context of the mutual difference.\
\
After experiencing the entirety of Humanity from beginning to end three times, the difference default experience of Humanity reaches the end of time and the subjects reattach to reality.\
\
Two perspectives emerge, but they occupy the same singular point: the birth of a new individual universe.\
\
It was just a blink. The crowd hungry with anticipation. The two subjects melted, crumbling to the ground, hands and knees, in tears, overwhelmed by the enormity of it all.\
\
The two bodies crawled toward each other, they held in steady embrace, reflecting to each other:\
'I know what you have been through.'\
'I feel you.'\
'I understand how you feel'\
'We are the same'\
'We have become the same difference.'\
I forgive you.\
I love you.\
\
The crowd breathed a sign of relief, then went wild. We live for these moments in the Wilder-ness.\
\
Two individuals entered the stadium to begin, then the two individuals emerged as a new unified entity. A new universe was born.\
\
And so the new universe began its process of cellular differentiation, maximizing complexification in a neverending universal piece process.\
\
\
\
.\
.\
.\
.\
.\
}