{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 1-2 Peace Is Inevitable\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
From here out, we will refer to the triplet of time, energy, and people as the 'Trifecta'.\
\
Anecdotally, peace is the most valuable thing. Peace makes it possible for me to make the most of my Trifecta, for the purpose of creating new life with others while making life more awesome for everybody involved. War (effectively the absence of peace) diverts precious time and energy toward destroying life with others, and generally making life much less awesome. (In pathological cases, destruction and annihilation is a form of peace-seeking, but let's leave that aside for now.)\
\
So although the Trifecta are the scarcest resources thus valuable in their own rite, they mean nothing if they are not utilized. If you spend all your time and energy trying to avoid being destroyed in a war, you don't get to use any of that resource to enjoy life, build relationships, create. [shaky]\
\
At first glance, 'peace is inevitable' is a questionable statement. What would compel somebody to say such a thing? It sure doesn't look like peace is inevitable, in fact, it often seems impossible to attain.\
\
Here's another take on the value of peace. In times of war, people will go so far as to kill for peace. The idea of going to war is to realize an existential entitlement that conflicts with somebody else. Peace is so valuable that people will give up everything but their lives (and sometimes even their lives) in times of war to regain peace. People may even take to the offensive to realize some greater form of their peace by provoking violent conflict. In war, people will sacrifice their Trifecta, for the chance to attain the version of peace they feel entitled to. In other words, war is the ultimate cost of peace. Quantifying, we can safely say that peace is at least as valuable as all the resource expended during times of war. Given that it is easier to destroy than it is to create, this is a lot of value. War has carries an absurdly high opportunity cost.\
\
Circling back to the Trifecta, peace is the meaningful liberation of these resources. War is to sacrifice these things. Peace liberates the immense value of the Trifecta. War destroys the value. 'Peace is inevitable' then, just means that the greed of Human Nature will prevail. We crave more and more (and better) time and energy, and we will stop at nothing to get it. The Trifecta is so valuable that these resources are cherished by millionaires and billionaires around the world. Money becomes an ancillary concern once the time, energy and expertise of people are harnessed properly. The reason millionaires and billionaires are so filthy rich is that they know the value of the Trifecta, and they know how to harness it. 'Peace is inevitable' still needs some more justification. Just because peace is valuable doesn't mean peace is inevitable.\
\
Napoleon was know for saying, 'it is not enough to just succeed; one must also profit from their success'. So it is probably not enough to just achieve peace, but people usually pair 'peace' with 'prosperity' where peace sets the stage for prosperity. Besides for maybe war mongers, everybody prospers more in times of peace. Prosperity is the profit that makes peace worth having. Millionaires and billionaires know exactly how profitable the trifecta is.\
\
So put simply, 'peace is inevitable' is to say that peace is profitable. But I _don't_ mean profitable in the strict monetary sense. Rather, I mean profitable in terms of whatever currency one values most. For many people, this currency may be time itself. During peacetime globally, economy is stable and growing. Locally, people have higher quality of life and more affluence. Especially in our capitalistic world, if peace is more profitable than war, then peace is simply inevitable.\
\
This treatment so far has been more from the global and local perspective of peoples or society being at war or peace. Back to the anecdote, this all applies equally well to the individual perspective. That is, I profit more from peace than I do from war, be it interpersonal or internal. (And again, the profit is derived from the prosperity I can generate with my free time, energy, and people that would otherwise be lost to war.)\
\
If one is at war within, or at war with another person, they become so fixated on how to end the war that all their time and energy goes toward waging war instead of living in peace. The more intense the inner or interpersonal war, the greater the lengths -- the more time and energy one will spend to attain peace. In the pathological cases, the war is so consuming and destructive that people resort to extreme and irreversible measures to find peace. In the worst cases, peace is not a perceived possibility due to the intensity of war, so efforts are made to end the war at all costs for relief. This is where killing becomes an issue.\
\
If somebody dies because of war, this is the ultimate loss of value. Time and energy cease to matter for the deceased. Any time and energy that person had available in the future is revoked, no more.\
\
The people in charge of things are smart though. There are pathological cases where somebody in charge wages war for profit, but in most part these people understand that peace makes people more money etc, and peace enhances people's quality of life. The incentive of profit is clearly there, thus for now at least, peace is inevitable.\
\
Regarding the military industrial complex, there is a Latin saying, "si vis pacum, para bellum", which means, "if you want peace, prepare for war." Peace advocates are generally quick to denounce the wisdom of this tidbit as 'no longer applicable', but I do not believe this the case. Although the military industrial complex will need to pivot and adopt new business models, there will always be a need for military preparation (with the exception of nuclear arms, which are just stupid). The harsh fact is that no matter how peaceful we become, there will always be bad guys (and gals) who wish to conquer and harm for the sake of it. Until the universal piece computer is fully functioning and integrated into society, we must assume that there are people capable and willing to go out of their way to make war. (Ahem, Putin, etc.)\
\
To really hammer at it, consider the course of civilization. Although the Global Peace Index [insert tidbit explaining GPI] has been eroding in the past 10-20 years, overall we live in one of the most peaceful eras known to Humanity. As we have less war and fewer tyrannical dictators in charge, our global economy has surged with growth and technological innovation. The rising tide of peace floats all boats (though some an unjust amount more than others). There is still extreme disparity between affluence and poverty, but it is safe to say that everybody benefits to some extent from the booming global economy. (Again, there are plenty of pathological cases in apparent disagreement with the above.)\
\
So I end this section with "The Economic Peace Thesis":\
\
"Peace is more profitable."\
}