{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl264\slmult1\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Far-Future Piece: .|::|:../\\ EX - banging it out.
\f1\i \

\f2\i0\b0 \
It has been several microennia since the advent of the Piece Computer Era. We got tired of eras so we decided to stop creating eras and just fall back to PCE main-piecetime. This is Era X. Era X is the end of the time machine for peace social invention program. Anything remaining that contributes to the time machine for peace vehicle resides in Era X.\
We still don't understand dark matter and energy, as when we shed new light on some, even darker matter and energy emerges. We believe the darkness is a direct glimpse into the extra-universal space our universe is embedded in. Perhaps there is light beyond, too, not just darkness. If there is 'light' like we know beyond, our universe appears to reside within an enclosed vessel.\
A few million years also provided a lot of new cosmological data. As time went on, and we fit theory to new data, we discovered that the projections of our physics into the beginning and end of time 
\f3\i changed
\f2\i0 . There is still the very real prospect of a heat death of the universe, and we still see a singularity at the big bang, but the evolution leading toward and from those singular extremes looks much different than it did 7.7 million years ago in at the advent of the Piece Computer Era. We now suspect we may be physically stationary in the present, and linear time is the product of extrapolation, where the arrow of time is simply an artifact of the fact that our Human hominoid organisms developed with eyes on the front of their bodies, and not the rear. This evidence strongly suggests that the laws of physics might actually evolve as time goes on. Time is still a problem because we have not solved mortality, but it may be that time never ends. Complexification may be an eternal process.\
We also understand that the universal piece process may also be just that, a universal phenomenon. Interestingly, the universal piece computer of Humanity spans many many galaxies, and a great deal of information flows between these galaxies because of this fact. Well, 'great deal' is a bit of a misnomer. The amount of information that passes between galaxies within the universal piece computer is downright 
\f3\i stupendous
\f2\i0 . From a very literal perspective, the universal piece process is in fact, becoming a universal entity. The more we study the universal piece, the peace process, the more of the surrounding universe we see in ourselves.
\f1\i\b \

\f2\i0\b0 Probably the largest recent discovery within the past million years was that the incomprehensible beyond may be trying to communicate directly with our universe. Some Humans speculate that the beyond may be speaking directly to 
\f3\i us
\f2\i0 . Long story short, the intergalactic filament structures were suggestive, with the neuronal-like composition of galaxies and intergalactic matter, likewise suggestive. We now have strong evidence to conclude that the universe is a living cellular organism, probably one of many, but now just a blob in its early stages of differentiating cell growth. We believe we might be in a dark space sheltered from the outside world that contains what we would think of as a 
\f3\i brain
\f2\i0 . This brain has something like 100 billion galactic neural units, which interestingly is roughly the same amount of stars in each galaxy, roughly the same amount of neurons in each Human brain, plus or minus a few tens of billions.\
If true, we assume because it is apparent, and by definition, that our organism\'97we named it Blob\'97lives in a place we call the Wilder-ness, which is a high and non-dimensional space beyond our comprehension. Everything is wilder there, by nature of its incomprehensibility. To us this organism's cells look like worlds. Because of the high dimensionality of the Wilder-ness, Blob's non-overlapping world cells can overlap and nest indefinitely within our dimensional timespace.\
Blob at this point in its development acts as a universal 
\f3\i computational piece fractal
\f2\i0 , and by our current understanding, the universe never stops growing in complexity; the pieace fractal continuously works to maximize the number of cells\'97or worlds\'97with no end in sight to the complexification. Our universe thus, looks like a blob of pieces constantly arranging and rearranging, creating and destroying pieces to generate greater peace\'97whatever that is\'97ultimately satisfying the collective will of the timespace matter mindmachines like us that roam this space.\
Thus now more than ever, we are close to having the tools and data to answer the big question. Why do Humans exist?\
Well, in the context of the extrauniversal organisms we presume to host life such as ours, we don't know why 
\f3\i they
\f2\i0 \'97the organisms beyond and Blob\'97exist, but we devise a next best answer in terms of our biology: the only way to express an answer in Human language is that our universe was conceived by similar mature universal organisms in a corner of the Wilder-ness that they call home.\
By our best knowledge, Humanity is what happens when two\'97or many\'97universes 
\f3\i bang it out
\f2\i0 .\
As for physics and mathematics, despite the darkness that surrounds us, we now know that love is the dominant force of our universe. We wonder if love supersedes the boundaries of this universe. We hope love supersedes our universe. What else than love would lie beyond is incomprehensible beyond our current mathematical and physical knowledge of the incomprehensible. Frankly, we'd rather not think about it. Besides, we have practical matters to attend to, so we try to stay focused on our work to invent eternity. We try to stay focused on building the time machine for peace.\
Some believe that as we accumulate more and more worlds and complexity, that our now feeble Human lifeform will as a collective assume the same level of conscious experience of the lifeforms that conceived this universe. That is, we may actually 
\f3\i become
\f2\i0  the experience of our universe, or so far as we know, we already are. We may be in the infant stages of universal conscious development.\
As this extends, we might well then someday meet a new universe, or several, and Humanity may inevitably bang it out too\'97a never-ending self-similar self-cyclic peace process of timespace exploration and procreation\'97evolution. If that's a valid idea, then it's certainly some time from now, if true. In the meantime, we mind our business and keep on assuming our universe will die in finite time. So we keep on growing and developing the time machine for peace social invention program. Unless we have concrete scientific evidence otherwise, we must assume that we are all going to die unless we do something about it.\
We must survive time, our greatest adversary. After all, we must satisfy The Human Imperative. \
At this point in our evolution, we really have no other options. We are growing old.}